del the
del of
los their
los and
por by
por being
con with
con and
las and
las these
una a
una an
sobre on
sobre upon
desde onwards
desde from
hasta until
hasta over
team +23tp
team 11/2
utc 10:50
utc 12:01
tiene holds
tiene is
otros other
otros others
gran great
gran immense
unidos united
unidos states
puede can
puede does
lugar place
lugar where
muy very
muy extremely
mismo same
mismo another
universidad university
universidad univeristy
grupo group
grupo group.the
guerra war
guerra war.
familia family
familia family.
bajo under
bajo by
cada each
cada every
octubre march
octubre september
segunda second
segunda first
final final
final end
centro centre
centro center
hay there
hay exists
santa santa
santa virgen
antes before
antes after
quien he
quien who
embargo however
embargo nevertheless
mayo march
mayo october
algunos some
algunos many
mejor best
mejor best
luego then
luego before
siendo being
siendo becoming
agosto august
agosto july
diciembre december
diciembre january
noviembre january
noviembre november
estaba was
estaba were
estos these
estos other
total total
total totalled
sistema system
sistema system. 
habitantes inhabitants
habitantes population
cuenta boasts
cuenta boasting
junio july
junio april
pueden can
pueden may
solo only
solo one
iglesia church
iglesia church.
entonces when
entonces then
tuvo took
tuvo came
otra another
otra this
premio prize
premio award
sitio site
sitio sites
futbolistas wanderers
futbolistas footballers
poco much
poco little
orden order
orden order.
agua water
agua water.
tierra earth
tierra land
luis frederico
luis carlos
dentro within
dentro confines
superficie surface
superficie swath
francisco francisco
francisco antonio
hecho fact
hecho made
carrera career
carrera career.
poder power
poder powers
pueblo village
pueblo village.
departamento department
departamento sub-department
veces twice
veces sometimes
central central
central centrals
todas all
todas other
york york
york ny
ejemplo example
ejemplo instance
isbn isbn
isbn 208pp
campo field
campo fields
hacer make
hacer making
ante against
ante smarting
conocido known
conocido dubbed
director director
director director-
campeonato championship
campeonato non-championship
porque because
porque so
observatorio observatory
observatorio spaceguard
actualmente currently
actualmente presently
desarrollo development
desarrollo developing
programa programme
programa programe
canciones songs
canciones tunes
base base
base bases
alemania germany
alemania austria
pedro pedro
pedro señora
primeros early
primeros first
manera manner
manera way
libro book
libro book.
diferentes different
diferentes various
juego game
juego gameplaying
europa europe
europa europe.
cine cinema
cine film
origen origin
origen origin.
militar military
militar military
ubicado situated
ubicado located
tener give
tener make
wikipedia blogger
wikipedia blog
plantas plants
plantas plant
siempre always
siempre whenever
metros metres
metros metre
oro gold
oro silver
cultura culture
cultura culture.
cerca near
cerca around
estudio study
estudio critically
usuario user
usuario login.
finalmente eventually
finalmente finally
batalla battle
batalla battles
imagen image
imagen picture
puerto port
puerto ports
social social
social societal
millones million
millones 500,000
acuerdo accord
acuerdo agreeing
lado side
lado right
servicio service
servicio service.
rock punk
rock rock'n'roll
ver see
ver look
fuera outside
fuera anywhere
muchas many
muchas some
hoy today
hoy oldest
alto high
alto highest
sino merely
sino secondly
siguientes following
siguientes headings:-
disco album
disco double-lp
finales mid
finales late
tema topic
tema theme
hombres men
hombres men.
original original
original orginal
miguel gabriel
miguel julián
oeste south-eastwards
oeste south-eastward
mujeres women
mujeres women.
cambio change
cambio shift
style font-weight
style 0px
jugador player
jugador players
california california
california florida
parque park
parque parks
radio radio
radio fm
ahora now
ahora still
cruz cross
cruz virgen
cabo conducting
cabo conducted
brasil brazil
brasil portugal
red network
red networks
canal channel
canal channels
movimiento movement
movimiento movement.
revista magazine
revista magazine
islas islands
islas islands.
proceso process
proceso process.
alrededor around
alrededor over
musical musical
musical music
primero first
primero then
hombre man
hombre man.
monte mount
monte mt
decir mean
decir hence
goles 1-0
goles 2-0
victoria victory
victoria victories
china china
china taiwan
xix 1840s
xix 1870s
medios media
medios public-relations
francesa french
francesa france
aparece appears
aparece reappears
empresa company
empresa companys
fernando antonio
fernando felipe
venezuela venezuela
venezuela bolivia
ciudades cities
ciudades towns
usa uses
usa utilizes
tercera third
tercera second
edificio three-storey
edificio four-storey
posible possible
posible possibility
antiguo oldest
antiguo 700-year-old
paso passing
paso pass
mujer woman
mujer womans
hijos daughters
hijos grandchildren
etc etc.
etc etc
villa town
villa village
conjunto uniquely
conjunto integral
eso anyway
eso really
meses months
meses weeks
parece seems
parece seem
plata gold
plata silver
municipal municipal
municipal municipality
libre free
libre free-
trata is
trata makes
principalmente mainly
principalmente principally
cantante singer
cantante singer-songwriter
referencia reference
referencia refered
resto rest
resto whole
editorial publishing
editorial publisher
saint saint-laurent
saint st
espacio space
espacio space.
actores actors
actores performers
episodio episode
episodio episode.
principios inception
principios superseding
dicho this
dicho that
municipios districts
municipios municipalities
from 199
from 195
problemas problems
problemas problems-
favor favour
favor favor
planta plant
planta plant.
alcalde mayor
alcalde councilor
estaban were
estaban was
deportivo sporting
deportivo athletic
barrio suburb
barrio town
argentino argentinian
argentino argentine
jorge frederico
jorge enric
academia academy
academia academician
honor honour
honor honour
incluye includes
incluye covers
nuevos new
nuevos existing
ministro minister
ministro prime-minister
series series
series series.
persona person
persona his/herself
artes arts
artes art
vista view
vista viewpoint
tercer second
tercer fourth
noche night
noche midnight
personal personal
personal staff
robert robert
robert malcolm
semana week
semana weekend
palacio palace
palacio mansion
escritor writer
escritor novelist
comuna charente-maritime
comuna niort
roma rome
roma ostia
camino path
camino crossroads
ayuda assistance
ayuda help
ciencias sciences
ciencias science
periodo period
periodo period.
etapa stages
etapa stage
zonas areas
zonas zones
dios god
dios almighty
debut debut
debut debuts
australia australia
australia zealand
pablo paul
pablo clement
elementos elements
elementos element
horas hours
horas hour
text 25.00
text 15.00
lengua language
lengua pidgin
dado given
dado assumed
actividades activities
actividades activites
sencillo b-unique
sencillo million-selling
federal federal
federal federally
italiano italian
italiano italiane
primeras early
primeras first
posee possesses
posee boasts
jugadores players
jugadores non-players
seguridad security
seguridad safety
lucha fight
lucha fighting
estructura structure
estructura structures
nacido born
nacido d.o.b
literatura literature
literatura literatures
cabeza head
cabeza shoulders
cuyo whose
cuyo which
objetivo aim
objetivo objective
india india
india india.
visita visits
visita visit
fase phase
fase stages
william william
william robert
nos way
nos things
presenta presents
presenta produces
dar give
dar giving
colegio school
colegio college
permite allows
permite enables
uruguay argentina
uruguay brazil
animales animals
animales animal
realizar undertake
realizar perform
calidad quality
calidad quality.
nuestra our
nuestra cherishing
independencia independence
independencia pre-independence
virgen annunciation
virgen adoration
crear create
crear creating
contiene contains
contiene containing
verano summer
verano winter
sol sun
sol suns
mando commander
mando commanders
ciencia science
ciencia science
aire air
aire air-
sector sector
sector sectors
jean philippe
jean claude
matrimonio marriage
matrimonio marrying
material material
material material.
gente everyone
gente people
escudo shield
escudo coat-of-arms
mano hand
mano hands
problema problem
problema problems
trabajos work
trabajos works
diario newspaper
diario newspaper.
palabra word
palabra phrase
falta lack
falta inadequates
reina queen
reina princess
domingo terce
domingo saturday
libertad freedom
libertad liberty
bgcolor margin-bottom:15px
bgcolor 9pt
sevilla valencia
sevilla seville
lima aires
lima buenos
alberto frederico
alberto roberto
comienza begins
comienza starts
felipe henry
felipe aragon
objetos objects
objetos artifacts
ministerio ministry
ministerio non-departmental
hermanos brothers
hermanos sons
tierras lands
tierras land
michael michael
michael steven
cambios changes
cambios change
lanzado released
lanzado debuted
bandera flag
bandera flags
rica rica
rica guyana
avenida road
avenida mini-roundabout
regional regional
regional national
rojo red
rojo blue
reporte info.centre@scout.org.uk
reporte http://www.casi.org.uk
blancos whites
blancos blacks
diez ten
diez five
productos products
productos products.
carretera road
carretera trailhead
escrito written
escrito writen
industria industry
industria industries
palabras words
palabras phrases
padres parents
padres grandparents
productor producer
productor co-producer
ninguna no
ninguna whatsoever
plan plan
plan plans
artista artist
artista artist
rafael rafael
rafael eduardo
cuarto second
cuarto fourth
saludos reply
saludos hi
music playlisted
music music
motivo occasion
motivo co-incide
lago lake
lago lakes
condiciones conditions
condiciones conditions.
oficiales official
oficiales officers
hospital hospital
hospital infirmary
pop pop
pop indie
distancia distance
distancia distances
marca brand
marca brands
tipos types
tipos kinds
baloncesto basketball
baloncesto hockey
ene posted
ene tue
estrella star
estrella stars
viaje journey
viaje trip
formato format
formato formats
peso weight
peso weight.
washington washington
washington washington.
mal unfortuately
mal badly
jersey jersey
jersey ny
der der
der und
daniel daniel
daniel jonathan
duque duke
duque earl
evitar avoid
evitar prevent
ingresos income
ingresos revenues
santos basilian
santos saints
obispo bishop
obispo archbishop
menudo often
menudo sometimes
europea european
europea eu
ago posted
ago pm
bastante fairly
bastante very
ana maria
ana teresa
pie foot
pie foot.
hora hour
hora hours
particular particular
particular instance
maestro master
maestro master-
sencillos singles
sencillos charts
crecimiento growth
crecimiento growth.
extremo edge
extremo extremity
tradicional traditional
tradicional traditonal
banco bank
banco bank.
contrato contract
contrato contract.
pintura painting
pintura painting.
pasa passes
pasa enters
compositor composer
compositor musician
trabajar work
trabajar working
fiesta celebration
fiesta festivities
clubes clubs
clubes leagues
incluyen include
incluyen includes
digital digital
digital digitial
secretario deputy
secretario secretary
lenguas languages
lenguas dialects
originalmente originally
originalmente orginally
claro clear
claro clearer
existencia existence
existencia non-existence
man evel
man goldfinger
rico rico
rico rich
granada seville
granada cordoba
antiguos ancient
antiguos forerunners
pasar pass
pasar take
formado formed
formado comprised
naciones nations
naciones countries
ferrocarril railway
ferrocarril railways
american brit
american american
corona crown
corona crown.
clima climates
clima weather
guillermo henry
guillermo philip
prensa press
prensa media
provincial provincial
provincial district
romano roman
romano claudian
all 11
all 8
crisis crisis
crisis crises
orquesta orchestra
orquesta sinfonietta
llegada arrival
llegada departure
llama called
llama refers
directamente directly
directamente indirectly
javier javier
javier tomas
capilla chapel
capilla chantry
larga long
larga short
colspan padding-right:2px
colspan 0px
bolivia bolivia
bolivia argentina
produce produces
produce occurs
texas texas
texas alabama
nacionalidad nationality
nacionalidad domicile
regiones regions
regiones region
respuesta response
respuesta responding
google google
google mapquest
richard richard
richard andrew
metro subway
metro metro
eventos events
eventos events.
exterior outer
exterior interior
visto seen
visto noticed
aquellos those
aquellos they
suiza switzerland
suiza swiss
coronel colonel
coronel brigadier
cuadro table
cuadro figure
fundada founded
fundada established
colonia colony
colonia colonia
show show.
show talkshow
dinero money
dinero cash
operaciones operations
operaciones operations.
concepto concept
concepto notion
ambiente environment
ambiente enviroment
recibe receives
recibe recieves
salida exit
salida exiting
italiana italian
italiana italiane
cristo christ
cristo calvary
medicina medicine
medicina medicine.
roberto roberto
roberto ivan
alemana german
alemana german-
rosario loreto
rosario vina
solamente only
solamente least
armada navy
armada naval
pareja mother/daughter
pareja couples
territorios territories
territorios territories.
gol 1-0
gol goalless
ingeniero engineer
ingeniero acoustician
asamblea delegation
asamblea committee
enlace link
enlace link.
paraguay brazil
paraguay paraguay
alguien someone
alguien somebody
ganador winner
ganador winners
resistencia resistance
resistencia resistence
xxi twentieth
xxi 1900-2000
dirigido directed
dirigido co-directed
aparecen appear
aparecen appearing
colores colours
colores colors
franco franco
franco francos
decreto decree
decreto revoked
cara face
cara lip
lee lee
lee chan
hogar home
hogar living
noroeste southwest
noroeste south-west
participantes participants
participantes particpants
instituciones institutions
instituciones institutions.
monasterio monastery
monasterio monastery.
castro castro
castro vicente
sean are
sean be
inicialmente initially
inicialmente intitially
seguir continue
seguir follow
altitud altitude
altitud altitudes
planeta planet
planeta planet.
monumento monument
monumento statue
israel israel
israel israel.
frecuencia frequency
frecuencia infrequency
piezas pieces
piezas replicas
borrado posting
borrado postings
carmen carmen
carmen maria
creada created
creada establised
escuelas schools
escuelas colleges
league league
league premierleague
posibilidad possibility
posibilidad possiblity
sucesor successor
sucesor successor.
totalmente completely
totalmente totally
par possibles
par pair
viejo old
viejo old
tratamiento treatment
tratamiento treatment
palomar .more
palomar order:-
carga load
carga loading
dejar leave
dejar take
registro records
registro register
regreso returning
regreso departure
complejo complex.
complejo complex
acto acts
acto occasion
bandas bands
bandas band
voto vote
voto voting
convierte becomes
convierte sees
conseguir achieve
conseguir gain
femenino women\
femenino womens
vive inhabits
vive living
international international
international uk)
forman forming
forman consists
campeones champions
campeones finals
leyes laws
leyes law
estructuras structures
estructuras stuctures
entrevista interview
entrevista interview.
niveles levels
niveles level
justo right
justo left
socialista socialist
socialista reformist
administrativa administrative
administrativa administrativo
conocidos known
conocidos better-known
super super
super mega
simple simple
simple simplest
busca quest
busca seeking
vasco basque
vasco catalan
contacto re-contact
contacto contacts
teniendo taking
teniendo having
romana roman
romana romans
boca mouth
boca mouths
variedad variety
variedad range
dominio domain
dominio dominance
star star
star starfury
valores values
valores values.
propios own
propios their
movimientos movements
movimientos movements.
compuesta composed
compuesta consisting
similares similar
similares dissimilar
construir build
construir construct
toledo toledo
toledo cordoba
noticias news
noticias bulletins
trayectoria career
trayectoria achievements
activo active
activo re-active
llegando reaching
llegando approaching
xii 1923
xii 1898
conciertos concerts
conciertos concerts.
competencia competition
competencia non-competition
punta tip
punta edge
humana human
humana non-human
nelson nelson
nelson rodney
asturias asturias
asturias walesâ
une rejoins
une joins
masa mass
masa crust
bienes chattels
bienes possessions
moderna modern
moderna twenty-first-century
intento attempt
intento attempts
live www.ticketweb.co.uk
live offline
culturales cultural
culturales heritages
lenguaje language
lenguaje vocabularly
asistencia attendance
asistencia assistance
inicial initial
inicial intial
ejecutivo executive
ejecutivo nonexecutive
torneos tournaments
torneos tournaments.
chileno argentinean
chileno argentine
usando using
usando utilizing
tampoco not
tampoco neither
sello imprint
sello label
mark tim
mark keith
residencia residence
residencia residence.
massachusetts massachusetts
massachusetts massachusets
jack jack
jack tom
bueno definately
bueno good.
valladolid valencia
valladolid valladolid
marcos christos
marcos hristo
alonso juan
alonso alonso
materia matter
materia substance
regular regular
regular non-regular
bellas art
bellas arts
caracas caracas
caracas santiago
demasiado too
demasiado overly
manga manga
manga anime
medidas measures
medidas measures.
dejando leaving
dejando left
asuntos affairs
asuntos matters
cuartos semi
cuartos semis
alemanes germans
alemanes non-germans
protagonista protagonist
protagonista heroine
procesos processes
procesos processess
breve brief
breve briefest
bot p.s.
bot p.p.s.
homenaje tribute
homenaje homage
miles thousands
miles hundreds
rural rural
rural rural
grabado studio-recorded
grabado recording
corriente currents
corriente counter-current
quinto fourth
quinto fifth
mantiene maintains
mantiene retains
tom tom
tom jim
dvd dvd
dvd dvds
reinado reign
reinado reign.
plano ellipse
plano subtending
elemento element
elemento elements
time 2's
time 4
actos acts
actos troups
brown taylor
brown berry
aun still
aun though
clave key
clave crucial
css css
css style.css
jones jones
jones williams
profesionales professionals
profesionales non-professionals
aumento increase
aumento increased
encontrado found
encontrado discovered
comunes common
comunes commonly
youtube youtube
youtube youtube.com
caja box
caja envelope
formada formed
formada consisting
territorial territorial
territorial non-territorial
var var
var roxb.
dedicado devoted
dedicado dedicated
org 0799
org 7207
incluido included
incluido featured
logra tries
logra acheives
amplia wide
amplia broad
williams williams
williams cooper
murcia murcia
murcia andalucia
und und
und einer
franceses frenchmen
franceses belgians
civiles civilian
civiles civil
liberal liberal
liberal conservative
tropical tropical
tropical tropics
ejemplos examples
ejemplos example
masculino mens
masculino female
siguiendo follow
siguiendo deviating
recientemente recently
recientemente been
instrumento instrument
instrumento instruments
salamanca valladolid
salamanca murcia
identidad identity
identidad identity.
pasajeros passengers
pasajeros passenger
buscar find
buscar seek
duda doubt
duda doubting
big bang
big jass
pies feet
pies feet.
comunista communist
comunista socialist
leyenda legend
leyenda legends
romanos romans
romanos roman
mensaje message
mensaje messages
antiguas ancient
antiguas oldest
razones reasons
razones reason
poblaciones populations
poblaciones localities
pro pro
pro anti
house delancey
house mansionhouse
juvenil youth
juvenil ymca
entrega instalment
entrega despatching
valign 21px
valign padding:1px
asteroides asteroid
asteroides asteroids
reconocido recognised
reconocido respected
ocupa occupies
ocupa dominates
entidad entity
entidad unincorporated
grand grand
grand grands
escultura sculpture
escultura sculpture.
saga saga
saga sequel
motivos reasons
motivos grounds
fuertes strong
fuertes strongest
bases bases
bases base
viii 1972
viii 1976
profundidad depth
profundidad depths
crea creates
crea creater
cabe noteworthy
cabe notable
termina starts
termina begins
moderno modern
moderno modern-style
destacados prominent
destacados notable
utilizando using
utilizando utilising
ministros ministers
ministros ministerials
historiador historian
historiador biographer
cola tail
cola tails
exteriores cabinet
exteriores interior
celebra celebrates
celebra celebrated
lograr achieve
lograr achieving
hacienda treasury
hacienda exchequer
paris paris
paris les
cargos appointees
cargos office-holders
inicios inception
inicios 1990's
consta consists
consta consisting
pintores painters
pintores sculptors
escenas scenes
escenas montages
ingreso entry
ingreso admission
europeos europeans
europeos non-europeans
entrenadores coaches
entrenadores footballers
igualmente also
igualmente equally
tradicionales traditional
tradicionales traditionals
quinta sixth
quinta fifth
noreste southwest
noreste southeast
hablar speak
hablar talk
windows xp
windows windows98
ermita chapel
ermita churchyard
llamados so-called
llamados called
guerrero warrior
guerrero amora
uefa uefa
uefa premierleague
rugby rugby
rugby cricket
simon vincent
simon peter
establecer establish
establecer establishing
diferencias differences
diferencias similarities
objetivos objectives
objetivos targets
coro choir
coro choir.
pone puts
pone lays
regimiento regiment
regimiento battalion
php email
php printable
licencia license
licencia licence
idiomas languages
idiomas languages.
cartas letters
cartas correspondence
poemas poems
poemas poems.
presentado presented
presentado co-presented
palma palm
palma manilla
enemigo enemy
enemigo enemies
minnesota minnesota
minnesota ohio
producir produce
producir producing
pico peak
pico peaks
violencia violence
violencia violence.
describe describes
describe describing
voces voices
voces voices.
descubiertos newly-discovered
descubiertos recently-discovered
esperanza hope
esperanza hopes
medieval medieval
medieval mediaeval
amplio broad
amplio wider
teresa teresa
teresa maria
agente agent
agente agent.
alumnos students
alumnos pupils
cuentos tales
cuentos stories
impacto impact
impacto impact.
trabajando working
trabajando work
kansas kansas
kansas kentucky
secreto secret
secreto secrets
peligro danger
peligro peril
morales ricardo
morales ortega
estudiar studying
estudiar studied
society societys
society society
sexual sexual
sexual sex
jackson jackson
jackson harrison
silva silva
silva andrade
compositores composers
compositores composers.
puestos positions
puestos quarters
pieza piece
pieza pieces
arturo victor
arturo hector
frase phrase
frase paraphrase
cuerpos bodies
cuerpos body
gustavo sebastian
gustavo frederico
monumentos monuments
monumentos memorials
funcionamiento functioning
funcionamiento operate
terminar start
terminar end
ciertos certain
ciertos such
young howie
young ogden
cristianos christians
cristianos moslems
indiana indiana
indiana pennsylvania
min min
min 60mins
caballeros knights
caballeros cavaliers
minas mines
minas mine
comportamiento behaviour
comportamiento behavious
escritos writings
escritos writings.
sectores sectors
sectores areas
pez shubunkins
pez fishes
aplicaciones applications
aplicaciones applications.
intenta tries
intenta fails
air cityjet
air airways
hielo ice
hielo ice-
caballo horse
caballo mule
steve steve
steve gary
protagonizada starring
protagonizada premise/synopsis
interpretado reprised
interpretado reprising
ganadores winners
ganadores finalists
foto photograph
foto photo
guinea papua
guinea guinea
informe report
informe report.
constituye constitutes
constituye represents
dobles doubles
dobles double
democracia democracy
democracia democratic
perdido lost
perdido missing
legal legal
legal -legal
constitucional constitutional
constitucional constitution
escritura writing
escritura handwriting
cuyos whose
cuyos which
cristiana christian
cristiana secular
oscar oscar
oscar hugo
carne meat
carne pork
poetas poets
poetas poets.
ucrania ukraine
ucrania ukraine.
enviado sent
enviado despatched
reparto cast
reparto ledger
harry harry
harry ron
alimentos food
alimentos foodstuffs
urbana urban
urbana suburbanisation
association association
association assocation
casado married
casado maried
agencia agency
agencia agency.
popularidad popularity
popularidad popularity.
terminal terminal
terminal terminals
janeiro janeiro
janeiro paulo
redes networks
redes networks.
fortaleza fortress
fortaleza citadel
deriva derives
deriva originates
marido husband
marido wife
diccionario dictionary
diccionario dictionaries
consulta referral.
consulta referral
debate debate
debate discussion
belleza beauty
belleza exquisiteness
personales personal
personales non-personal
verdadero true
verdadero truth
segundos seconds
segundos half-a-second
religioso religious
religioso secular
net www
net web.
zamora alcala
zamora cáceres
danza dance
danza dance.
periodistas journalists
periodistas reporters
fondos funds
fondos disburses
barcos ships
barcos boats
chica girl
chica shes
precio price
precio prices
pensamiento intellectualising
pensamiento world-view
night 10pm-6am
night saturday
rodrigo antonio
rodrigo pedro
mancha humbers
mancha humber
conocidas known
conocidas best-known
inteligencia intelligence
inteligencia intelligence.
viviendas dwellings
viviendas homes
fox fox
fox warner
romero julio
romero luis
espera awaiting
espera waiting
encargado tasked
encargado oversee
senado senate
senado senators
christian carl
christian emanuel
johnson johnson
johnson taylor
vicepresidente vice-president
vicepresidente vice-chairman
canarias balearic
canarias canary
disputa contested
disputa contesting
ave whip-poor-will
ave riflebird
participaron participated
participaron attended
valenciana englandâ
valenciana englandâs
den den
den findet
rally racing
rally rally
bilbao bilbao
bilbao barcelona
colonial colonial
colonial colonial-era
ensayo essay
ensayo essays
independientes independent
independientes independents
mandato mandate
mandato ministership
trenes trains
trenes train
comida meal
comida meals
etapas stages
etapas phases
comunas districts.
comunas boroughs
seguro safe
seguro sure
fotos photos
fotos pictures
hill hill
hill sheldon
particularmente particularly
particularmente especially
frecuentemente often
frecuentemente frequently
montes hills
montes foothills
descriptiva text-analysis
descriptiva descriptive
fruto ripe
fruto stems
manual manual
manual handbook
coche car
coche motorbike
terrenos land
terrenos backlands
ceremonia ceremony
ceremonia ceremony.
columbia columbia
columbia alberta
drama drama
drama dramas
familiares relatives
familiares families
day glenday
day tapes-up
macdonald 0141-332
macdonald 6h8
abarca encompasses
abarca encompassing
descenso relegation
descenso plummeting
descritos described
descritos decribed
viajes travel
viajes journeys
empleados employees
empleados employing
dada given
dada determined
demanda demand
demanda demand.
continuar continue
continuar continuing
can 9
can 8
upper tw16
upper tw10
aniversario anniversary
aniversario 50th
hollywood hollywood
hollywood hollywoods
wheeler corder-birch
wheeler n[ightingale
naves ships
naves pinnaces
personalidad personality
personalidad persona
totalidad entire
totalidad remainder
flor flower
flor flower.
jardines gardens
jardines garden
empresario businessman
empresario magnate
izquierdo right-side
izquierdo left-side
marie marie
marie marielle
poseen possesses
poseen possess
pasos steps
pasos step
descubrimiento discovery
descubrimiento discoveries
retirada withdrawing
retirada withdrawal
ciclista cyclist
ciclista cycliste
cercana close
cercana near
divisiones divisions
divisiones divisions.
abandonar abandon
abandonar rejoin
journal journal
journal ournal
punk punk
punk indie
caracteriza characterised
caracteriza characterises
organismo body
organismo non-departmental
encuentros outings
encuentros matches
elena maria
elena helena
productores producers
productores producers.
secciones sections
secciones sub-sections
invitado invited
invitado guest
tenis tennis
tenis badminton
exposiciones exhibitions
exposiciones exhibitions.
museos museums
museos galleries
cambridge cambridge
cambridge oxford
jornada 25-hour
jornada midweek
wiley 5dd
wiley yo10
colorado colorado
colorado montana
muere dies
muere flees
rival rivals
rival opponent
norma conform
norma complies
taller workshop
taller model-making
alcance capability
alcance short-range
laura laura
laura donna
privado private
privado privately
editores publishers
editores contributors
ernesto carlos
ernesto frederico
exclusivamente exclusively
exclusivamente solely
magnitud magnitude
magnitud magnitudes
alternativa alternative
alternativa alternatives
activa active
activa inactive
relacionado related
relacionado associated
occidente western
occidente westerne
vivienda housing
vivienda owner-occupier
chico kid
chico boy
representan represents
representan represent
definitivamente finally
definitivamente eventually
asistente assistant
asistente supervisor
fallecido deceased
fallecido died
canadiense canadian
canadiense australian
mallorca majorca
mallorca mallorca
vocal vocal
vocal instrumental
senador senator
senador senate
costas coasts
costas coast
adultos adults
adultos adult
dispone boasts
dispone operates
partida rounding
partida point
establecimiento establishment
establecimiento reestablishment
portuguesa portuguese
portuguesa portugese
listado listing
listado list
tocar busking
tocar playing
asunto matter
asunto issue
ganando winning
ganando won
cocina cooking
cocina dishes
asociado associated
asociado associate
avance advancing
avance break-through
proteger protect
proteger protecting
presidencial presidential
presidencial congressional
laterales arches
laterales arched
ampliamente widely
ampliamente universally
papeles understudies
papeles walk-ons
poema poem
poema elegy
lados sides
lados side
prentice corder-birch
prentice mahwah
marino marine
marino seahorse
ramos alves
ramos jorge
umbral threshold
umbral thresholds
pilar pillar
pilar pia
moral moral
moral morality
paisaje landscape
paisaje landscapes
rendimiento performance
rendimiento higher-performance
acontecimientos happenings
acontecimientos events
usada used
usada utilised
errores errors
errores mistakes
responsabilidad responsibility
responsabilidad reponsibility
amenaza threat
amenaza threats
ojo eye
ojo eye.
teatral theatrical
teatral dramaturge
marcas brands
marcas sub-brands
producen produces
producen occurring
navarro manuel
navarro navarrete
boys allstars
boys 7's
cadenas chains
cadenas chain
hecha made
hecha fulled
wiki site...
wiki website...
interpretada duetted
interpretada yared
disponibles available
disponibles currently-available
blackwell color:#666666
blackwell padding:0
espada sword
espada spear
matar kill
matar killing
vertical vertical
vertical horizontal
aparecer appear
aparecer appearing
cristiano christian
cristiano christain
revolucionario revolutionary
revolucionario revolutionary-democratic
blancas white
blancas yellow
derrotado defeated
derrotado defeat
participaciones participations
participaciones appearances
candidatura candidacy
candidatura nomination
necesidades needs
necesidades needs. 
eliminar eliminate
eliminar remove
clasificado classified
clasificado ranked
ven looks
ven sees
maestros apprentices
maestros masters
escribe writes
escribe reads
actuar acting
actuar perform
producciones productions
producciones co-productions
gris grey
gris grey/white
oviedo oviedo
oviedo zaragoza
adicional additional
adicional extra
graves serious
graves severe
tomando taking
tomando take
depende depends
depende depend
aventuras adventures
aventuras adventures.
combustible fuel
combustible air-fuel
eric eric
eric brian
desierto desert
desierto wilderness
compuestos compounds
compuestos mixtures
juana aragon
juana infanta
electo elected
electo re-elected
agentes agents
agentes agents.
creador creator
creador co-creator
productora producer
productora co-producer
venecia venice
venecia rome
barroco baroque
barroco neo-baroque
alba alba
alba carlina
insectos insects
insectos insect
pistas track
pistas tracks
retrato portrait
retrato portrait.
colonias colonies
colonias colonies.
talleres workshops
talleres work-shops
acceder access
acceder accessing
elenco understudy
elenco all-star
clausura finalé
clausura wembly
obteniendo gaining
obteniendo gained
tenerife tenerife
tenerife canaria
estilos styles
estilos style
supremo supreme
supremo overruling
recinto courtyard
recinto hall
tomado taken
tomado taking
anexos links
anexos lists
caballos horses
caballos horse
boy bustin
boy duper
back 7
back 5
evidencia evidence
evidencia corroborative
hidalgo calderon
hidalgo domingo
amiga neice
amiga friend
gales wales
gales scotland
defensor defending
defensor advocate
tokio tokyo
tokio osaka
euros 30million
euros e100,000
ciclismo cycling
ciclismo triathlon
definitiva eventual
definitiva ultimately
controlar controlling
controlar control
benito senora
benito guardia
pierde loses
pierde looses
acero steel
acero stainless
adicionales additional
adicionales extra
patria motherland
patria fatherland
prisioneros prisoners
prisioneros pows
bibliotecario moderators
bibliotecario him/her
war --author
war spellmount
est est
est fil
rebotes wickets
rebotes innings
tienda shop
tienda emporium
temperaturas temperatures
temperaturas temperatures.
nintendo nintendo
nintendo playstation
vera vera
vera olvera
cuento tale
cuento fairytales
imposible impossible
imposible impossible.
mencionado mentioned
mencionado mentions
africa p.a.f.
africa s.africa
hong hong
hong kong
solista solo
solista soloist
registros records
registros registers
facey 11px
facey #jobsbox
continua continuous
continua continual
escritora novelist
escritora writer
investigadores researchers
investigadores scientists
departamentos departments
departamentos sub-departments
rioja cantabria
rioja andalucía
variedades varieties
variedades varieties.
ventaja advantage
ventaja advantage.
remix remix
remix phunk
libertadores quarter-final
libertadores play-off
bomba bomb
bomba detonate
verlag verlag
verlag h.-j
cien thousand
cien hundred
alan alan
alan nigel
consenso consensus
consenso consensus.
bloque block
bloque blocks
presupuesto budget
presupuesto budgeted
ligas leagues
ligas league
siria syria
siria syrian
play replay
play promotion/relegation
adn dna
adn gene
representado represented
representado representing
colecciones collections
colecciones collection
funciona operates
funciona serves
determinado predetermined
determinado pre-determined
veracruz mexico
veracruz puerto
uruguayo uruguayan
uruguayo argentinian
polaco hungarian
polaco polish
atacar attacking
atacar attack
parques parks
parques parks.
selva rainforest
selva jungle
florencia florence
florencia urbino
defender defend
defender defending
marcelo roberto
marcelo tomas
situaciones situations
situaciones situations.
permitir allow
permitir allowing
samuel samuel
samuel benjamin
modernos modern
modernos newer
porcentaje percentage
porcentaje proportion
aventura adventure
aventura adventure.
brazo arm
brazo shoulder
body scrollbar-face-color
body scrollbar-highlight-color
observar observe
observar observing
aceite oils
aceite oil
ariel miranda
ariel michale
sant michaelâs
sant peterâs
tumba tomb
tumba grave
cuidado caring
cuidado cared
belgrano capitan
belgrano numancia
bulgaria bulgaria
bulgaria romania
alias alias
alias a.k.a
kevin gary
kevin kevin
venezolano venezuelan
venezolano uruguayan
ideal ideal
ideal perfect
previa prior
previa pre
mecanismo mechanism
mecanismo mechanisms
dama lady
dama queenly
seguidores followers
seguidores supporters
parroquial parish
parroquial chapel-of-ease
east leytonstone
east greenford
rosas roses
rosas lillies
municipalidad municipality
municipalidad district
hoja leaf
hoja leaves
blog blog
blog blogsite
onda wavelength
onda waves
capaces able
capaces ability
reformas reforms
reformas reform
variantes variants
variantes variant
luisa henrietta
luisa isabella
representar represent
representar representer
delgado slim
delgado plana
asentamiento settlement
asentamiento settlements
abre opens
abre closes
griegos greeks
griegos alexandrians
caracteres alphabets
caracteres fonts
intercambio exchange
intercambio exchanges
aviso warning
aviso warning...
psoe psoe
psoe meps
unirse join
unirse rejoin
famosos famous
famosos not-so-famous
arizona arizona
arizona colorado
huevos eggs
huevos egg
tradicionalmente traditionally
tradicionalmente traditionally
esculturas sculptures
esculturas sculpture
administrativo administrative
administrativo adminstrative
brillante bright
brillante brightest
reconocida recognised
reconocida recognized
leche milk
leche milks
sociedades societies
sociedades societies.
pleno its
pleno hereon
jose jose
jose clemente
croacia croatia
croacia slovenia
deportista sportswoman
deportista sportsperson
genera generates
genera creates
rebeldes rebels
rebeldes insurgents
propuesto proposed
propuesto suggested
soledad solitude
soledad loneliness
tiendas shops
tiendas stores
premier premier
premier premier
nick rob
nick nick
orientales eastern
orientales asiatics
propuso proposing
propuso propose
novia girlfriend
novia boyfriend
viva alive
viva alive...
miedo fear
miedo dread
colombiana colombian
colombiana ecuadorean
nazi nazi
nazi nazis
comenzar begin
comenzar start
servir serve
servir serving
promover promote
promover promoting
intelectual intellectual
intelectual intellectuality
luchar fight
luchar fighting
desaparecidos disappearances
desaparecidos survivors
lluvia rain
lluvia rainstorm
tradiciones traditions
tradiciones tradition
industriales industrial
industriales industrials
creciente ever-increasing
creciente burgeoning
marcador match
marcador equaliser
videos videos
videos videos.
directora director
directora co-director
road rd
road fossway
coste cost
coste costs
polo pole
polo ice
sporting premiership
sporting non-league
medias tops
medias shirting
fundadores founders
fundadores founding
bruce bruce
bruce duncan
destruir destroy
destruir destroying
relatos tales
relatos stories
siglas acronym
siglas unit
union clc
union union
carbono carbon
carbono carbon-
sony sony
sony emi
wild caffery
wild a&s
plazas places
plazas parks
existente exists
existente existing
hitler hitler
hitler führer
cuestiones issues
cuestiones matters
costumbres mores
costumbres traditions
hogares households
hogares households.
dispositivo device
dispositivo devices
silla crib
silla seat
fronteras frontiers
fronteras borders
construcciones buildings
construcciones constructions
johann johann
johann johannes
system syste
system system*
sueco swedish
sueco danish
albacete malaga
albacete marbella
sonidos sounds
sonidos sound
composiciones compositions
composiciones masterpieces
siente feels
siente realises
giro shift
giro spin
men superted
men goonies
medallistas medalists
medallistas medallists
trece ten
trece seven
esclavos slaves
esclavos slavers
comics comics
comics 2000ad
album single.
album 26.68
network network
network network*
cuevas caves
cuevas cave
gama range
gama ranges
inc inc.
inc corp.
soto juan
soto haro
costo cost
costo costs
conciencia consciousness
conciencia consciousness.
palmas palms
palmas palm
vidas lives
vidas lives.
gusta likes
gusta loves
entradas entry
entradas openings.
seco dry
seco wet
howard howard
howard carter
patrick patrick
patrick kieran
valles valleys
valles valleys.
llamar call
llamar confuse
brazos legs
brazos outstretched
moore moore
moore turner
consejero adviser
consejero deputy
website 8353
website 5942
interpretar perform
interpretar understudying
circunstancias circumstances
circunstancias circumstance
parcial partial
parcial eversion
clan clan
clan clans
delta delta
delta nile
pardo grey
pardo brown
intensidad intensity
intensidad intensity.
definir define
definir defining
gabinete cabinet
gabinete cabinet-level
villas towns
villas vills
recuerdo remembering
recuerdo remembered
japoneses japanese
japoneses japanese-americans
inmigrantes immigrants
inmigrantes immigrant
henri henri
henri antoine
designados designated
designados redesignate
cima climb
cima ascend
anthony anthony
anthony michael
pos pre
pos ment
goleador scorer
goleador goalscorer
trofeo trophy
trofeo trophies
pobres needy
pobres poorer
particulares non-relatives
particulares individual
oportunidades opportunities
oportunidades oppportunities
circular circular
circular circular.
lobo wolf
lobo grizzly
escultores sculptors
escultores painters
end ne5
end sp8
ortega garcia
ortega joaquín
herramienta tool
herramienta tools
mix remix
mix dubstep
permiso permission
permiso permit
musulmanes muslims
musulmanes moslems
andy andy
andy dave
sudeste southeast
sudeste south-eastern
cortos short
cortos shorter
fracaso setback
fracaso disastrous
drogas drugs
drogas drug
cantidades quantities
cantidades amounts
mac mac
mac macintosh
cuerdas strings
cuerdas fingering
artificial artificial
artificial artifical
like sony/epic
like universal/polydor
obrero workersâ
obrero workers
issn issn
issn journal
traducido translated
traducido translater
iniciar initiate
iniciar proceed
cambiado changed
cambiado altered
chilenos argentinians
chilenos australians
ciclistas riders
ciclistas cyclists
vientos winds
vientos wind
experimental experimental
experimental experimental.
seleccionado selected
seleccionado fielded
indio indian
indio mangal
dirigir directing
dirigir undertake
bravo rivas
bravo feliciano
traje costume
traje donning
flag checky
flag flag.
cifra 121,000
cifra 12,700
certamen contest
certamen competition
detalle detail
detalle detail.
tim tom
tim tim
sucede happens
sucede occurs
ibn ibn
ibn al-hasan
localiza located
localiza occupies
iban went
iban proceeded
cobre copper
cobre iron
separado separate
separado separately
coral kevock
coral coral
paciente patient
paciente patientâs
arias arias
arias rodrigo
telenovelas sitcoms
telenovelas reruns
talento talent
talento talents
virrey viceroy
virrey captain-general
frecuentes frequent
frecuentes infrequent
captura capture
captura capture.
antena transmitter
antena televisor
retirarse withdraw
retirarse retire
marcado marked
marcado highlighted
platino platinum
platino gold
gala star-studded
gala gala
charlie charlie
charlie tom
tablas tables
tablas table
representaciones depictions
representaciones figurations
roy barrie
roy roy
funcionarios officials
funcionarios officers
atlas atlas
atlas atlases
cruces crosses
cruces cross
negras black
negras white
magazine magazine
magazine magazine.
exactamente exactly
exactamente same
mira glance
mira rearview
nova nova
nova ante
warner warner
warner warners
last #1
last #2
modalidad short-course
modalidad bob-skeleton
accidentes accidents
accidentes fatalities
adecuado suitable
adecuado appropriate
plena undiminished
plena realisation
emitido aired
emitido re-broadcast
venezolana venezuelan
venezolana argentinean
restantes remaining
restantes remainder
apoyar support
apoyar supporting
relevantes pertinent
relevantes relevant
vender sell
vender selling
simples simple
simples simplest
hard 22-20's
hard hardcore
manejo handling
manejo handling.
campamento camp
campamento encampment
dorado golden
dorado emerald
ryan ryan
ryan sean
directiva committee
directiva sub-committee
amateur amateur
amateur amateurs
viuda widow
viuda wife
relieve hatchment
relieve topography
considerable considerable
considerable substantial
reducido reduced
reducido fewer
athletic premiership
athletic non-league
guayaquil buenos
guayaquil aires
cliente client
cliente customer
profundo deep
profundo deeper
down ace
down reelin
autobuses buses
autobuses taxis
embalse reservoir
embalse dam
ducado dukedoms
ducado dukedom
aficionados enthusiasts
aficionados amateurs
representada represented
representada representing
multitud multitude
multitud multitudes
heredero heir
heredero inheritor
generar generate
generar generating
orilla river
orilla riverbank
licenciado licenciatura
licenciado bachelor
page 2952
page 2597
fort fort
fort plattsburgh
playas beaches
playas beach
aceptadas accepted
aceptadas acceptances
clark clark
clark mason
sacerdotes priests
sacerdotes pastors
shorts #ffffff
shorts 12px
inaugurada inaugurated
inaugurada reopened
modos modes
modos mode
anne anne
anne ellen
industrias industries
industrias manufacturing
irak iraq
irak iran
llevando carrying
llevando bringing
visitante visitor
visitante visitors
institucional accountability
institucional institutional
operador operator
operador operator.
escritas written
escritas hand-written
amante lover
amante mistress
holanda holland
holanda netherlands
arroz rice
arroz chickpeas
sicilia sicily
sicilia sardinia
sustituido replaced
sustituido replacing
operativo windows-based
operativo operating
propone proposes
propone seeks
cabildo councilmen
cabildo lord-mayor
organizada organised
organizada organized
profunda deeper
profunda deep
parroquias parishes
parroquias parishes.
igualdad equality
igualdad equal
conductor driver
conductor driverâs
orleans orleans
orleans orleans.
krasnodar nizhny
krasnodar kyiv
alcanzado attained
alcanzado reached
jason jason
jason rob
missouri charlottesville
missouri n.c.
expertos experts
expertos expert
alaska alaska
alaska alaskan
prima prima
prima deam
dedica devotes
dedica devoted
acuerdos agreements
acuerdos agreement
wikimedia e-group
wikimedia webteam
escenarios arenas
escenarios backdrops
crece grows
crece grow
anuales annually
anuales annual
lema motto
lema slogan
malasia malaysia
malasia thailand
version version
version 3.2mb
cumple fulfils
cumple fulfills
electricidad electricity
electricidad electricity.
robin robin
robin nick
pobladores villagers
pobladores inhabitants
explicar explain
explicar elucidate
requisitos requirements
requisitos requirement
movie movies.com
movie blockbuster.co.uk
diana salamanda
diana diana
colina hillside
colina hilltop
aplica applies
aplica applied
chicas girls
chicas girls.
sentimientos feelings
sentimientos emotions
aparato apparatus
aparato apparatus.
variables variables
variables variable
poderoso powerful
poderoso super-powerful
antiguamente formerly
antiguamente anciently
nacionalista nationalist
nacionalista nationalists
funda founded
funda founds
haga makes
haga does
venganza revenge
venganza vengeance
exitosa successful
exitosa sucessful
armado armed
armado small-arms
aux aux
aux diable
diosa goddess
diosa goddesse
variaciones variations
variaciones variation
ventanas panes
ventanas window-
rojos red
rojos yellows
descarga down-loading
descarga downloads
juntas together
juntas assemblies
madagascar madagascar
madagascar e-madagascar
eugenio edgardo
eugenio justino
gravedad gravity
gravedad strain
competir compete
competir competing
planos blueprints
planos layouts
pozo pit
pozo mineshaft
plataformas platforms
plataformas platforms.
pecho forehead
pecho chest
story mccrystal
story blake's
georges georges
georges henri
huelva murcia
huelva málaga
logros achievements
logros accomplishments
comprar sell
comprar buy
cubierto covered
cubierto lined
mental mental
mental mental/emotional
suelos soils
suelos soil
oaxaca mexico
oaxaca mexicanos
rubio pepe
rubio manel
financiera financial
financiera finance
voleibol volleyball
voleibol badminton
conjuntos -classes
conjuntos sub-collections
competencias inter-services
competencias competences
talla statures
talla stature
vistas views
vistas panoramic
austin austin
austin lamar
giras toured
giras concerts
sesenta thirty
sesenta twenty-five
cannes cannes
cannes d'or
fundamentales fundamental
fundamentales principles
piensa thinks
piensa knows
vocales vocal
vocales voicings
abandonado abandoned
abandonado abandonded
instancia case
instancia adjudicate
pascual justino
pascual antonio
edition edition
edition edtion
cura doctour
cura cure
milenio millennium
milenio millenium
ligero lighter
ligero heavier
empresarios businessmen
empresarios industrialists
marshall marshall
marshall henderson
sebastian sebastian
sebastian christophers
wilhelm wilhelm
wilhelm friedrich
hembras females
hembras males
corredor corridor
corredor 13-mile
mexico mexicon
mexico mexico
ine ons
ine census
otto otto
otto ernst
condes earls
condes dukes
colonos settlers
colonos colonists
gobernadores governorships
gobernadores officeholders
mecanismos mechanisms
mecanismos mechanism
trasladado transferred
trasladado moved
construidos constructed
construidos built
colaborador contributor
colaborador collaborator
abandono abandonment
abandono neglect
trazado tramline
trazado trackbed
kennedy kennedy
kennedy kenedy
gay gay
gay lesbian
asentamientos settlements
asentamientos farmsteads
conducta behaviour
conducta behaviour.
protegido protected
protegido well-protected
postura stance
postura postioning
sarah sarah
sarah jenny
pri caucus
pri ctv
amazonas amazonia
amazonas amazonian
visible visible
visible obscured
adyacentes adjacent
adyacentes contiguous
aprobado approved
aprobado approval
establecida established
establecida establishement
apodo nickname
apodo nick-name
emergencia emergency
emergencia emergencies
constantemente constantly
constantemente continually
enviar sending
enviar send
intendente mayor
intendente mayoralty
preguntas questions
preguntas answers
oscura dark
oscura darker
memorial memorial
memorial memorial.
aprender learn
aprender teach
tesoro treasure
tesoro treasures
patrona patroness
patrona patronal
presidenciales presidential
presidenciales elections
continuo continuous
continuo continuos
consejos advices
consejos councellors
legado legacy
legado legacy.
signo signifying
signo signifier
virtud virtue
virtud inviolability
teclado keyboard
teclado keyboard.
feliz happy
feliz happiest
recoge draws
recoge collects
mapas maps
mapas map
molecular molecular
molecular molecular
ciudadano citizen
ciudadano citizen.
existir exist
existir arise
protocolo protocol
protocolo protocol.
dallas dallas
dallas houston
capturado recaptured
capturado captured
huesca malaga
huesca murcia
continuidad continuity
continuidad continuity.
hablando talking
hablando speaking
informes reports
informes report
harris thompson
harris wright
planetas planets
planetas planets.
sexuales sexual
sexuales sex
signos signs
signos symbols
administrador administrator
administrador adminstrator
estrecha close
estrecha between
venus venus
venus eros
determinada predetermined
determinada predetermines
hamilton hamilton
hamilton walkinshaw
chinos chinese
chinos non-chinese
servidor server
servidor servers
escasa patchy
escasa paucity
aplicar apply
aplicar applying
diablo devil
diablo devils
repertorio repertoire
repertorio repertoire.
transferencia transfer
transferencia transferral
reconocer recognise
reconocer recognize
alcohol alcohol
alcohol alcohol-
estable stable
estable resilient
labores tasks
labores duties
subir climb
subir drop
uci iaaf
uci uka
praga prague
praga budapest
linux linux
linux suse
protesta protest
protesta protests
monumental monumental
monumental monument
lyon lyon
lyon lille
cat con
cat doc
sufrido undergone
sufrido suffered
contratado headhunted
contratado hired
manteniendo maintaining
manteniendo retaining
abundante abundant
abundante plentiful
conservatorio conservatoire
conservatorio conservatoires
correcta correct
correcta correctly
tarjeta card
tarjeta card.
oklahoma kansas
oklahoma oklahoma
arenas sands
arenas sandy
banderas flags
banderas flag
originario originated
originario originates
versos couplets
versos poems
huir flee
huir escape
horacio victor
horacio hector
distinciones distinctions
distinciones recognitions
literalmente literally
literalmente literally.
emisiones emissions
emisiones ch4
isaac isaac
isaac issac
partidarios opposition
partidarios faction
challenger challenger
challenger pan-am
queso cheese
queso cheeses
leopoldo frederico
leopoldo alfonso
externo external
externo internal
gary gary
gary steven
ian ian
ian iain
catorce fourteen
catorce twelve
pelota ball
pelota balls
tercio one-fourth
tercio thirds
frases phrases
frases words
flamenco flamenco
flamenco waterson:carthy
quebec quebec
quebec québec
lorena lorraine
lorena braganza
conduce leads
conduce carries
propietarios owners
propietarios proprietors
hierba grass
hierba chickweed
detroit detroit
detroit houston
responsables responsible
responsables culprits
abad abbot
abad saint
publicadas published
publicadas pre-published
iniciado initiated
iniciado begun
fantasma ghost
fantasma haunted
regulares regular
regulares non-regular
especialidad speciality
especialidad specialty
suyo himself
suyo him
carlo carlo
carlo giacomo
esencial essential
esencial vital
nombramiento appointment
nombramiento appointing
jerez jerez
jerez valencia
sirven serves
sirven serve
recibiendo receiving
recibiendo received
phil steve
phil gary
enfrentarse confront
enfrentarse fight
walker mitchell
walker robinson
descanso well-earned
descanso relaxing
clemente clement
clemente pope
presentador presenter
presentador co-presenter
vidrio glass
vidrio perspex
casarse marry
casarse marrying
free -free
free free
vila palmeiras
vila castelo
derivados derivatives
derivados derived
chihuahua mexico
chihuahua paso
superfamilia sub-family
superfamilia subfamily
perry jackson
perry garner
comer eat
comer eat.
privados private
privados privately
