and et
and ,
was était
was fut
for pour
for d
that que
that qu
with avec
with et
from venant
from provenant
this cette
this ce
are sont
are seront
which qui
which lequel
first première
first premier
you vous
you voulez
article article
article articles
two deux
two trois
score score
score scorer
more plus
more moins
team équipe
team équipes
such telles
such tels
discussion discussion
discussion discussions
links liens
links lien
see voir
see voyez
years ans
years années
world monde
world mondiale
university université
university universitée
during durant
during pendant
most plus
most plupart
then puis
then ensuite
external externes
external externe
what quoi
what ?
three trois
three deux
well bien
well aussi
use utiliser
use utilisation
april avril
april octobre
part partie
part intégrante
list liste
list listant
please veuillez
please veuillez-nous
following suivantes
following suivant
second deuxième
second seconde
history histoire
history historique
north nord
north sud
high haute
high élevé
through travers
through biais
now maintenant
now aujourd
because parce
because car
music musique
music musiques
however cependant
however toutefois
league ligue
league championnat
edits édites
edits éditant
articles articles
articles articles
could pouvait
could pourrait
english anglais
english anglaise
album album
album portishead
number nombre
number plusieurs
family famille
family familiale
user utilisateur
user utilisateurs
area zone
area aire
became devint
became devenait
york york
york new-york
life vie
life vie
british française
british françaises
game jeu
game jouable
house maison
house immeuble
company filiale
company entreprise
left droite
left gauche
very très
very assez
living vivent
living vivant
place place
place lieu
keep garder
keep gardez
four quatre
four trois
did voulait-elle
did voulait
per moyenne
per %
way autrement
way façon
www web
www www2
public public
public publique
another autre
another un
added ajouté
added rajouté
members membres
members adhérents
much beaucoup
much peu
think crois
think pense
last dernière
last dernière
notable remarquables
notable remarquées
station station
station gare
old vieux
old vieille
information informations
information information
own propre
own propres
point point
point partant
around près
around autours
river fleuve
river rivière
top haut
top top
main principale
main principal
language langue
language langage
https https
https http
note notez
note nb
original original
original originale
age âge
age lâge
website site
website fr
population population
population démographique
air air
air lair
law droit
law jurid
official officielle
official officiel
although cependant
although néanmoins
small petites
small petits
third troisième
third deuxième
due due
due dûe
get bosser
get rentrer
closed fermé
closed fermée
community communauté
community associative
death mort
death décès
built construite
built construit
deletion suppresion
deletion suppressive
five cinq
five huit
free gratuite
free gratuit
include incluent
include incluant
down dessus
down redescende
report compte-rendu
report bilan
take prendre
take prendrent
stadium stadium
stadium stade-vélodrome
record enregistres
record enregistrant
archive archives
archive archive
places lieux
places endroits
undo effacer
undo verrouiller
few quelques
few deux-trois
power puissance
power surpuissance
know savez
know connaitriez
water eau
water leau
near alentours
near environs
need faudra
need besoin
form forme
form formulaire
find trouver
find trouvez
play jouer
play jouant
radio radio
radio radios
development développement
development développeme
live vivre
live habiter
next prochaine
next prochain
little peu
little petit
province province
province provinces
western occidentale
western occidental
france angleterre
france espagne
council conseil
council municipal
royal royale
royal compagnie
current actuel
current actuelle
street rue
street faubourg
san san
san santa
among parmi
among lesquels
james louis
james guillaume
open ouvert
open ouverte
force force
force forces
position position
position positions
director directeur
director -directeur
father père
father frère
track track
track piste
canada canada
canada québec
george george
george georges
level niveau
level niveaux
late tardif
late tardive
office bureau
office office
round tour
round tisonnier
days jours
days mois
land terres
land terrains
million millions
million milliard
term terme
term termeâ¦
post post
post poster
produced produites
produced produite
subject sujet
subject sujets
total total
total totale
science science
science sciences
related connexes
related liés
rock rocks
rock savatage
election élection
election élections
albums albums
albums album
present présents
present actuelle
books livres
books bouquins
important important
important primordial
run démarrer
run démarrons
type type
type type2
editor rédacteur
editor éditorial
came vint
came venait
schools écoles
schools collèges
germany allemagne
germany allemagne
production production
production production
points points
points 3points
similar similaire
similar similaires
say dire
say crois
background trait
background arrière-plan
enough suffisament
enough suffisemment
color purecolor
color color2
services services
services service
battle bataille
battle batailles
already déjà
already ores
currently actuellement
currently actuellemnt
historic architectural
historic patrimoine
date date
date dates
change changement
change changements
location localisation
location localite
yes oui
yes ?
our notre
our nos
something chose
something quelquechose
groups groupes
groups regroupes
content contenus
content contenu
isbn isbn
isbn editions
half quart
half demi
events évènements
events événements
start commencer
start terminer
star etoiles
star étoiles
really vraiment
really vraiments
working travaillent
working travaillant
taken pris
taken prises
going arrive
going arrives
lake lac
lake lacs
popular prisé
popular prisée
away répis
away eloigner
process processus
process étapes
low faible
low élevé
pages pages
pages page
seen vu
seen connu
thomas françois-louis
thomas louis
companies entreprises
companies compagnies
thanks merci
thanks remercie
someone quelqu
someone personne
eastern occidentale
eastern orientale
question question
question question-là
week semaine
week semaineâ¦
close proche
close éloigné
match match
match matche
opened rouvert
opened ouvert
tour tournée
tour voyage
cross croix
cross croisée
institute institut
institute -institut
caps manches
caps capuchons
forces forces
forces armées
originally originellement
originally initialement
win remporter
win gagner
wife mari
wife épouse
joined rejoint
joined rejoints
african africaine
african africaines
stage stade
stage phase
addition outre
addition également
academy académie
academy ecole
saint saint
saint sainte
appeared apparaissait
appeared présentait
africa afrique
africa australe
culture culture
culture culturelle
things choses
things choses-là
course parcours
course perfectionnement
festival festival
festival festivale
basketball basketball
basketball basket
move déplacer
move basculer
give donner
give donnerai
training formation
training perfectionnement
primary primaire
primary primaires
value valeur
value value
christian chrétien
christian chrétienne
artists artistes
artists plasticiens
view vue
view aperçu
thus est-à-dire
thus conséquent
appears apparaît
appears apparaisse
ever jamais
ever sûrement
future avenir
future futures
los angeles
los francisco
return retour
return retourner
quality qualité
quality qualite
front arrière
front côté
read lire
read lisez
footballers footballeurs
footballers handballeurs
rev sj
rev jaeger
virginia louisiana
virginia richmond
attack attaque
attack attaques
outside dehors
outside extérieur
writer écrivain
writer romancier
border frontière
border frontalière
countries pays
countries européens
writing écriture
writing écrite
makes rend
makes rendent
provided fournis
provided fourni
label étiquette
label label
fair équitable
fair équitables
search rechercher
search search
bay baie
bay rade
especially surtout
especially particulièrement
navy marine
navy navy
hill vallon
hill hameau
movement mouvement
movement mouvements
got avais
got galéré
pennsylvania pennsylvanie
pennsylvania pensylvanie
ten dix
ten cinq
etc etc
etc ect
thought pensé
thought pensait
capital capitaux
capital capital
energy énergie
energy énergies
believe croyons
believe croire
bridge pont
bridge enjambe
followed suivie
followed précédée
request demande
request demandées
soon vite
soon bientôt
professor professeur
professor émérite
studio studio
studio studios
competition compétition
competition compétition
campaign campagne
campaign campagnes
empire empire
empire empires
islands îles
islands archipel
additional supplémentaires
additional supplémentaire
soviet soviétique
soviet urss
notes notes
notes sommaire
hockey hockey
hockey basket
mary marie
mary thérèse
status statut
status satut
irish irlandaise
irish irlandais
child enfant
child lenfant
eight huit
eight cinq
coverage couverture
coverage audience
minor mineures
minor mineure
says dit
says affirme
foundation fondation
foundation foundation
movie film
movie movie
ice glace
ice glaces
complete complète
complete complet
bill fenech
bill sénateur
account compte
account créditer
computer ordinateur
computer informatique
none aucunes
none aucun
tournament tournoi
tournament tournois
winning gagnant
winning gagnante
lot beaucoup
lot énormément
mountain montagne
mountain haute-montagne
editing retouche
editing authoring
food alimentaire
food aliments
multiple multiple
multiple simultanée
terms termes
terms conditions
sir monsieur
sir académicien
topic sujet
topic sujets
woman femme
woman fillette
officer adjoint
officer inspecteur
greek grec
greek grecque
money argent
money dépenser
senior senior
senior adjoint
required requise
required nécessaires
regular régulières
regular réguliers
cities villes
cities métropoles
birth naissance
birth naissance
sun soleil
sun ciel
prior préalable
prior ultérieure
famous célèbres
famous célèbre
religious religieux
religious religieuse
god dieu
god esprit-saint
running démarres
running démarrant
missing manquante
missing manquant
economic économique
economic économiques
lord seigneur
lord seigneur
web web
web site
queen reine
queen royale
uses utilise
uses utilisera
ohio ohio
ohio illinois
legal juridique
legal juridiques
russia russie
russia ukraine
agree approuvez-vous
agree respecterais
bad mauvais
bad mauvaise
attendance assiduité
attendance assiduite
nature nature
nature naturelle
captain capitaine
captain capitain
hard dur
hard durs
box boîte
box boite
success succès
success réussite
traditional traditionnelle
traditional traditionnel
rest reposer
rest restions
highway routes
highway route
plan plan
plan plans
nomination candidature
nomination nomination
jersey jersey
jersey ireland
michigan michigan
michigan massachussets
master maître
master maitre
stop arrêter
stop arrêtez
afd fir
afd asa
silver bronze
silver argenté
takes prend
takes prendra
trying essaie
trying essaient
scotland bretagne
scotland finistère
houses maisons
houses habitations
scores scores
scores score
dead morte
dead mort
key clés
key clefs
plant plantes
plant végétale
promoted promue
promoted promu
villages villages
villages hameaux
covered couvertes
covered couverts
merge fusionner
merge scinder
programs programmes
programs progammes
secondary primaire
secondary secondaire
majority majorité
majority majoritaires
dance danse
dance danses
georgia georgie
georgia géorgie
pass passer
pass traverser
transport transports
transport transport
wing aile
wing laile
commander commandant
commander commandement
purpose finalité
purpose objet
genus sous-espèce
genus sous-espèces
overall globalement
overall globale
comes prend
comes ressortira
complex complexe
complex complexes
academic universitaire
academic universitaires
stars étoiles
stars etoiles
asian asiatique
asian asiatiques
friends amis
friends amies
asia asie
asia sous-continent
meaning signification
meaning signifiant
map cartogramme
map ign
rate taux
rate majoré
forest forêt
forest forêts
voice voix
voice vocale
jack jack
jack sacha
champion champion
champion championne
columbia columbia
columbia missoula
claims allégations
claims estimerait
israel israël
israel israel
nine huit
nine onze
winner trophée
winner ex-aequo
initially initialement
initially auparavant
architecture architecture
architecture architecture
relations relations
relations rapports
tracks tracks
tracks singles
contract contrat
contract contractuel
directly directement
directly intermédiaire
girl garçon
girl fille
junior junior
junior juniors
francisco francisco
francisco san-francisco
branch branche
branch section
retired retraité
retired retraitée
train train
train trajet
adding ajoutant
adding rajoutant
remains demeure
remains subsiste
victoria victoria
victoria adélaïde
direct directe
direct direct
miles kilomètres
miles kms
relationship relation
relationship relations
format format
format formats
goes rentre
goes revient
fight combattre
fight combattra
camp camp
camp campement
ran démarrait
ran démarraient
statistics statistiques
statistics statistique
alexander alexandre
alexander marius
understand comprendre
understand expliquer
williams durand
williams aubert
latin latine
latin latines
dark sombre
dark sombres
mind esprit
mind âme
oppose opposer
oppose désapprouver
administrative administratives
administrative administrative
becoming devenant
becoming devenu
footballer footballeur
footballer footballer
joe alex
joe joe
inside intérieur
inside lintérieur
solid solide
solid solides
individuals individus
individuals porteurs
johnson fournier
johnson robert
forced contraint
forced contraints
looks voit
looks penche
reasons raisons
reasons considérations
photo photo
photo photos
hope espère
hope espérons
oxford sorbonne
oxford paris
hong hong
hong hong-kong
husband mari
husband épouse
believed considéraient
believed considérait
musicians musiciens
musicians chanteurs
ontario ontario
ontario québec
nation nation
nation peuple
faith foi
faith non-croyance
entertainment divertissement
entertainment divertissements
increased accru
increased accrus
squadron escadrille
squadron escadrilles
peace paix
peace réconciliation
iran iran
iran iranien
analysis analyse
analysis analyses
winners gagnants
winners finalistes
cricket rugby
cricket football
exist existent
exist exister
corporation corporation
corporation holdings
hold tenir
hold détenir
increase augmenter
increase augmentation
summary résumé
summary sommaire
piano piano
piano violon
novels romans
novels roman
alternative alternative
alternative alternatives
politicians gouvernants
politicians suivistes
suggest suggèrent
suggest suggère
couple deux-trois
couple qques
hits hits
hits hit
relevant pertinentes
relevant concerné
reports compte-rendus
reports communiqués
consider envisager
consider examiner
domain domain
domain sous-domaine
minnesota wisconsin
minnesota minnesota
potential potentiels
potential potentiel
infantry infanterie
infantry cavalerie
formerly anciennement
formerly ancien
oct nov
oct oct
philadelphia philadelphie
philadelphia chicago
der der
der und
dispute différend
dispute litige
iron fer
iron cuivre
otherwise quelconque
otherwise sauf
possibly probablement
possibly vraisemblablement
indiana indiana
indiana michigan
examples exemples
examples exemples
genre sous-genre
genre genres
fish poissons
fish poisson
gun fusil
gun pistolet
appearances apparitions
appearances audiences
plans plans
plans plan
consists compose
consists comporte
tag balise
tag tag
doctor médecin
doctor medecin
crime délinquance
crime délinquances
stand asseoir
stand courber
bob gérald
bob jacky
industrial industrielles
industrial industrielle
answer répondre
answer réponse
apr avr
apr oct
acting exerce
acting exercent
wisconsin californie
wisconsin wisconsin
contributions contributions
contributions contribution
lieutenant lieutenant
lieutenant sous-lieutenant
pretty vachement
pretty vaiment
rank rang
rank grade
gas gaz
gas fioul
direction axe
direction impulsion
guide guide
guide guides
animals animaux
animals animaux
laws lois
laws législations
remove supprimer
remove ôter
weight poids
weight poid
ask demandez
ask demander
fighting combat
fighting combats
widely largement
widely couramment
expanded élargi
expanded étendu
fame célébrité
fame célébrités
avenue avenue
avenue boulevard
produce produire
produce produirez
fictional fictionnaire
fictional fictionnel
exchange échange
exchange échanges
actions action
actions agir
translation traduction
translation retraduction
kansas kansas
kansas oklahoma
nearby environs
nearby alentours
piece morceau
piece pièce
murder meurtre
murder crime
twenty vingt
twenty dix
fully entièrement
fully pleinement
aug oct
aug fév
leaves arrachez
leaves cueille
reach atteindre
reach franchir
females mâles
females femelles
publications publications
publications publications
height hauteur
height largeur
honor honneur
honor honneurs
deep profond
deep profon
argument argument
argument assertion
arthur jules
arthur arthur
elizabeth marie-amélie
elizabeth elizabeth
worth coûte
worth rapportera
maryland pennsylvanie
maryland maryland
zone zone
zone zones
learning apprentissage
learning apprentissages
flag drapeau
flag drapeaux
cars voitures
cars autos
acquired acquise
acquired acquiert
constructed construites
constructed construits
remain demeurer
remain resteront
follows suit
follows suivant
fixed fixe
fixed fixes
taylor mercier
taylor durand
rome rome
rome thessalonique
models modèles
models modèle
thank remercie
thank remercier
agreed convenu
agreed proposé
rationale finalités
rationale méthodologique
sort sorte
sort genre
sri sri
sri lanka
railroad railway
railroad railroad
cell cellulaire
cell cellules
concert concert
concert concerts
biography biographie
biography biographe
loan prêt
loan emprunt
holy saint-esprit
holy saints
tennessee tennessee
tennessee kansas
safety sécurité
safety securite
painting peinture
painting sculpture
flying survolant
flying envol
join rejoignez
join rejoigner
continues poursuit
continues continuera
philippines philippines
philippines indonésie
conservative centriste
conservative centristes
share partager
share partageant
maria maria
maria elisabet
sections sections
sections chapitres
philosophy philosophie
philosophy philosophie
floor étage
floor rez-de-chaussé
cancer cancer
cancer cancers
offer offre
offer offrons
letters lettres
letters lettres
providing apportant
providing apportent
classic indémodable
classic indémodables
challenge défi
challenge challenge
transportation transport
transportation transport
kentucky oklahoma
kentucky kentucky
arizona arizona
arizona californie
francis antoine-marie
francis françois-marie
moscow moscou
moscow belgrade
blank coller
blank grisée
musician musicien
musician pianiste
percent %
percent %,
logs logs
logs stocke
convention convention
convention convention-cadre
joint conjointe
joint conjointement
yards mètres
yards métres
agent agent
agent promoteur
animal animale
animal animal
combat combattre
combat lutter
opposition opposition
opposition partisans
understanding compréhension
understanding connaissance
wrestling boxe
wrestling catch
critics détracteurs
critics contempteurs
growing grandissant
growing croissent
hands mains
hands main
materials matériaux
materials matériaux
turkish turc
turkish turque
promotion promotion
promotion -promouvoir
apparently apparemment
apparently semblerait
battalion régiment
battalion bataillon
additions ajouts
additions rajouts
louisiana louisiane
louisiana nouvelle-orleans
lewis thomas
lewis raynal
melbourne sydney
melbourne melbourne
austria autriche
austria allemagne
risk risque
risk risques
application application
application dossier-type
steel acier
steel inoxydable
planning urbanisme
planning planification
comic comic
comic comique
plus complete
plus comprennant
happy heureux
happy heureuse
acts actes
acts acts
classes classes
classes classe
exists existe
exists existera
chance chance
chance occcasion
object attribut
object attributs
birds oiseaux
birds oiseaux
spread répandre
spread propagée
mine mine
mine viviez
teaching enseignement
teaching enseigement
christmas noël
christmas noêl
express express
express exprimez
journalist journaliste
journalist ex-journaliste
connection connexion
connection connexions
constitution constitution
constitution constitutionnelle
sons frères
sons gendres
plot intrigue
plot intrigues
dates dates
dates calendrier
relatively relativement
relatively extrêmement
receive recevoir
receive recevront
educated éduqué
educated éduquée
manchester lyon
manchester marseille
introduction introduction
introduction ntroduction
directors gérants
directors régisseurs
stock stock
stock invendu
hills collines
hills monts
northwest région
northwest sud-est
drug drogues
drug toxicomanie
pov scenar
pov interpèle
moon lune
moon lunaire
minute minute
minute minutes
architect architecte
architect larchitecte
electronic électroniques
electronic électronique
weapons armes
weapons armements
unable impossibilité
unable incapable
rating hits
rating best
multi multi
multi extra
socorro llano
socorro socorro
sam jonathan
sam alex
alabama kansas
alabama oklahoma
heat chaleur
heat chaude
surrounding entourant
surrounding environnante
boat bateau
boat voilier
ethnic ethniques
ethnic ethnique
speaking parlant
speaking parlent
kill tuer
kill abattre
jesus jésus
jesus christ
weak faiblesse
weak faibles
brand marque
brand marques
nfl nba
nfl nfl
rise croître
rise hausse
spirit esprit
spirit esprit-
discuss discuter
discuss débattre
communications communication
communications télécomunications
broken cassé
broken cassée
singapore singapour
singapore hong-kong
haven havres
haven hâvre
passing passage
passing passent
trees arbres
trees darbres
visual visuelle
visual visuel
respectively respectivement
respectively totalisés
concerning concernant
concerning concerna
rich riche
rich riches
solution solution
solution solutions
fashion fashion
fashion prêt-à-porter
foot pied
foot pieds
brief brève
brief succinct
adult adulte
adult adultes
singers chanteurs
singers choristes
require nécessitez
require nécessitent
quebec québec
quebec nouvelle-écosse
anthony antoine
anthony claude-michel
permanent temporaire
permanent temporaires
audience auditoire
audience auditoires
motion motion
motion mouvement
trains trains
trains gares
sets insère
sets déclinées
studios studios
studios studio
criminal pénal
criminal pénales
commonwealth francophonie
commonwealth commonwealth
alan thierry
alan jean-claude
objects objets
objects dobjets
contest départager
contest vainqueur
fighter combat
fighter dragoon
finds découvre
finds retrouve
coaches entraîneurs
coaches entraineurs
beat battre
beat battres
ford ford
ford renault
swiss suisses
swiss suisse
houston houston
houston baltimore
broadcasting audiovisuel
broadcasting radio-télévision
belgium belgique
belgium pays-bas
respect respect
respect considération
rare rare
rare rares
explain expliquer
explain comprendre
neither ni
neither aucunement
notify notifier
notify aviser
painter peintre
painter sculpteur
hamilton girard
hamilton gautier
universe univers
universe cosmos
suffered souffert
suffered subi
competitions compétitions
competitions competitions
driver conducteur
driver pilote
folk folklore
folk folklores
tokyo tokyo
tokyo osaka
billboard billboard
billboard billboards
anne catherine
anne élisabeth
interior intérieur
interior intérieurs
weather météo
weather météos
sounds sons
sounds bruitages
eric peter
eric patric
athletes athlètes
athletes triathlètes
audio audio
audio audios
cat chat
cat minou
valid valable
valid valide
chemical chimiques
chemical chimique
update maj
update actualiser
false fausses
false faux
partner partenaire
partner ex-partenaire
strength force
strength solidité
knight chevalier
knight gouffier
nominations candidatures
nominations jury
recordings enregistrements
recordings réenregistrement
juan juan
juan pedro
involving impliquant
involving impliquants
gordon nicolas
gordon françois
colonial colonial
colonial coloniales
circuit circuit
circuit circuits
recognition reconnaissance
recognition reconnaisance
physics subatomique
physics astrophysique
watch regarder
watch regardez
grey gris
grey brun
philip philippe
philip frédéric
changing changent
changing changeant
ukraine ukraine
ukraine russie
municipalities municipalités
municipalities districts
austrian autrichien
austrian autrichienne
door porte
door portes
princess princesse
princess reine
trail sentier
trail sentiers
parks parcs
parks parc
requirements exigences
requirements requises
ltd sté
ltd sas
gray roux
gray merle
sector secteur
sector collectivités
agricultural agricoles
agricultural agricole
orders ordres
orders ordre
corner lucarne
corner excentré
mrs mme
mrs mlle
subjects sujets
subjects enseignées
remember rappelez-vous
remember souveniez
promote promouvoir
promote -promouvoir
progress avancement
progress progrès
learn apprendre
learn apprenez
planet planète
planet planète
usage utilisation
usage utilisati
sufficient suffisante
sufficient suffisantes
persons personnes
persons ressortissantes
fought combattu
fought combattait
flow écoulement
flow lécoulement
establishment institution
establishment établissement
selling vendent
selling vendant
budget budget
budget budgets
battles batailles
battles combats
sky ciel
sky astre
broke faillit
broke écroulait
ryan anthony
ryan grégory
zero zéro
zero zero
converted convertie
converted converti
significantly significativement
significantly sensiblement
welsh auvergnat
welsh languedociens
frederick eugène
frederick adolphe
banks banques
banks banque
resistance résistance
resistance résistances
tim eric
tim christophe
engines moteurs
engines moteur
medium moyen
medium moyennes
enter entrer
enter entrez
typical typique
typical typiquement
receiving reçoivent
receiving recevraient
signal signal
signal signaux
reform réforme
reform réformes
indicate indiquent
indicate indiquer
gay gays
gay lesbien
amateur amateur
amateur amateurs
alt alt
alt )")
montreal montréal
montreal ottawa
turns tourne
turns croise
walker courtin
walker dubois
nice sympa
nice sympatique
occur survenir
occur surviennent
humans humains
humans primates
flat semi-allongé
flat 2pièces
strongly fortement
strongly vivement
attorney bâtonnier
attorney avocat
thinking réfléchir
thinking réfléchire
surname patronyme
surname prénom
brain cerveau
brain cérébrale
blog blog
blog blogoliste
conservation préservation
conservation conservation
maps cartographiques
maps cartographiés
arguments arguments
arguments argumentations
readers lecteurs
readers lectrices
carl carl
carl gerald
violation violation
violation violations
circle cercle
circle cercles
invasion invasion
invasion linvasion
formal informelles
formal formelle
seconds secondes
seconds 1minute
doubt doute
doubt douter
golf golf
golf golfs
walls murs
walls mur
productions coproductions
productions court-métrages
occurs survient
occurs affecte
andy yannick
andy cédric
tank réservoir
tank 600l
lawyer avocat
lawyer juriste
saints saints
saints trinitaires
runner coureur
runner coureuse
matt david
matt jérémy
hollywood hollywood
hollywood hollywoodienne
reader lecteur
reader lecteurs
lawrence georges
lawrence maurice
pattern graduels
pattern caractéristique
atlanta atlanta
atlanta boston
voting vote
voting scrutin
perfect parfait
perfect parfaites
baltimore baltimore
baltimore philadelphie
commune phalanstère
commune phalanstères
broad large
broad larges
streets rues
streets faubourgs
billy billy
billy willie
shooting tir
shooting ball-trap
bot mote
bot bot
lands terres
lands possessions
teachers enseignants
teachers professeurs
closing clôture
closing ouverture
advertising publicitaire
advertising publicité
maine lincolnshire
maine nouvelle-angleterre
scientists chercheurs
scientists scientifiques
blocks blocs
blocks briques
participate participer
participate àparticiper
anniversary anniversaire
anniversary cinquantenaire
hampshire charente-maritime
hampshire maine-et-loire
maintain maintenir
maintain entretenir
pierre alexander
pierre emilio
facts faits
facts factuels
frame dépliée
frame piétement
assistance assistance
assistance aide
sale vente
sale location-vente
tool outil
tool outils
cabinet bureau
cabinet sceaux
bytes octets
bytes octet
ross guillon
ross jean-yves
citations bibliographiques
citations notices
lakes lacs
lakes étangs
mail courrier
mail envois
emergency urgence
emergency durgence
funds financements
funds financer
session séance
session session
trophy trophée
trophy trophé
walk marcher
walk promenade
snow neige
snow poudreuse
shop magasin
shop boutique
coal charbon
coal houille
inhabitants habitants
inhabitants inhabitants
employees salariés
employees intérimaires
measure mesurer
measure mesure
johnny johnny
johnny joe
combination combinaison
combination combinée
islam islam
islam musulman
photos photos
photos -photos
ottoman ottomane
ottoman ottoman
ministers ministres
ministers parlementaires
carlos luis
carlos carlos
rio rio
rio janeiro
communes phalanstères
communes pièves
mps députés
mps parlementaires
sarah delphine
sarah laure
edinburgh rennes
edinburgh nantes
dallas dallas
dallas houston
bachelor bachelor
bachelor diplôme
personally personnellement
personally personnellemnt
vision vision
vision ambition
vertical verticale
vertical vertical
jason anthony
jason jonathan
consisted composait
consisted comportait
plane avion
plane atterrisse
acid acide
acid acides
nova nova
nova scotia
composers compositeurs
composers auteurs-compositeurs
nazi nazi
nazi nazie
liverpool marseille
liverpool marseille-
welcome bienvenus
welcome bienvenue
movies films
movies fims
adjacent adjacent
adjacent adjacente
austin austin
austin garret
ensure garantir
ensure assurer
driving conduite
driving volant
ian didier
ian patrick
document document
document document-type
adams robert
adams andre
leg jambe
leg cuisse
expand étendre
expand élargir
bible bible
bible bibliques
matthew matthieu
matthew jérémie
thorough approfondie
thorough approfondi
drivers conducteurs
drivers chauffeurs
franklin franklin
franklin hardin
venue rendez-vous
venue auditorium
relative varie-t-il
relative varie-t-elle
leagues clubs
leagues ligues
colour couleur
colour couleurs
manufacturing manufacturières
manufacturing manufacturière
testing tests
testing test
coastal littoral
coastal côtières
yorkshire rhône
yorkshire isère
rescue sauvetage
rescue secours
choose choisir
choose choisissez
singh foued
singh boubakar
notably notamment
notably instar
gardens jardins
gardens jardin
sentences phrases
sentences sentences
birmingham strasbourg
birmingham clermont-ferrand
gulf golfe
gulf persique
prove prouver
prove démontrer
reasonable raisonnables
reasonable raisonnable
committed engageant
committed convaincues
hundreds centaines
hundreds milliers
phrase phrase
phrase mot
suicide suicide
suicide suicide
advantage avantage
advantage profitant
automatically automatiquement
automatically manuellement
goods marchandise
goods marchandises
charges surfacturations
charges facturées
fred roger
fred willy
producers producteurs
producers producteurs-consommateurs
campbell hamon
campbell perrin
latest nouveautés
latest mois-ci
crossing franchissement
crossing traversée
ranking classements
ranking classement
wright fournier
wright durand
associate associé
associate rattaché
friendly convivial
friendly conviviale
redirects redirige
redirects redirigent
artistic artistique
artistic artistiques
safe sûres
safe sécurisants
festivals festivals
festivals festivals
png png
png svg
hunter braconnier
hunter chasseur
monitoring surveillance
monitoring surveillances
evil maléfique
evil malfaisante
fri ven
fri lun
nba nfl
nba nba
drew esquissait
drew reportait
brooklyn brooklyn
brooklyn brooklin
speaker conférencier
speaker speaker
moth libellule
moth cigogne
racial raciale
racial raciales
marshall maurice
marshall mauric
springs brasses
springs chutes
contrast contraste
contrast contrastant
continuing continue
continuing poursuivent
terminal terminal
terminal périphérique
svg svg
svg vrml
spouse conjoint
spouse ex-conjoint
infrastructure infrastructures
infrastructure infrastructure
painters peintres
painters sculpteurs
properly convenablement
properly correctement
waters eaux
waters mers
ridge crête
ridge contrefort
ceo ceo
ceo pdg
carter robert
carter laurenson
orleans nouvelle-orléans
orleans nouvelle-orleans
murray audouard
murray clement
counter self
counter contrer
closure fermeture
closure fermetures
fishing pêche
fishing peche
broadway broadway
broadway gaîté-montparnasse
grow grandir
grow croître
tech tech
tech technologic
bat chiroptère
bat chauve-souris
robin dany
robin merle
participation participation
participation participatio
massive énorme
massive énormes
technique méthode
technique methode
alberta alberta
alberta ontario
clerk commissaire-enquêteur
clerk percepteur
dating datent
dating datant
bomb bombe
bomb bombes
honorary honoraire
honorary honoris
propose proposerai
propose consisterait
send envoyer
send envoyant
attractions attractions
attractions attraits
exception exception
exception hormis
costa costa
costa rica
unfortunately malheureusement
unfortunately heureusement
indians indiens
indians amérindiens
thousand mille
thousand cent
vancouver vancouver
vancouver toronto
organisations associations
organisations organisations
serbia serbie
serbia bosnie
christianity christianisme
christianity christianismes
opinions opinions
opinions opinion
tribe tribu
tribe tribus
richmond saint-marceau
richmond saint-mandé
baker bordier
baker weiss
allied alliées
allied alliée
anime manga
anime mangas
donald jean-yves
donald yves
unusual inhabituel
unusual inhabituelles
colors couleurs
colors couleur
wikimedia wikimedia
wikimedia mediawiki
indicates indique
indicates indiquent
ownership propriété
ownership non-propriétaire
shore rivage
shore crique
nebraska pennsylvanie
nebraska connecticut
guitarist guitariste
guitarist chanteur-guitariste
tone tonalité
tone nuance
indigenous autochtones
indigenous indigènes
transit transit
transit acheminement
jay stan
jay dana
horror horreur
horror épouvante
apple apple
apple pomme
occasionally occasionnellement
occasionally parfois
critic essayiste
critic chroniqueur
laboratory laboratoire
laboratory laboratoire
microsoft microsoft
microsoft miscrosoft
offering offrant
offering offrent
accurate fiable
accurate fiables
symphony symphonie
symphony symphonique
promotional promotionnels
promotional promotionnel
tags balises
tags balise
commerce commerce
commerce commerce-
remix remix
remix mixtape
gang gang
gang flics
warner warner
warner twentieth
quote citation
quote citant
glasgow rennes
glasgow nantes
essentially fondamentalement
essentially proprement
battery batteries
battery batterie
apparent évidente
apparent apparente
shopping shopping
shopping shoppings
patrol patrouiller
patrol patrouille
eagle aigle
eagle faucon
centers centres
centers centers
components composants
components sous-ensembles
kids mômes
kids gamins
barbara elisabeth
barbara denise
essay dissertation
essay dissertations
circumstances circonstances
circumstances conditions
plain blanc
plain grossière
similarly similairement
similarly revanche
duties incombant
duties dévolues
blp gfn
blp aplix
amendment amendement
amendment sous-amendement
habitat biotopes
habitat habitats
philippine indonésienne
philippine philippin
montana montana
montana colorado
caribbean caraïbes
caribbean caraïbe
signs signes
signs avant-coureurs
seriously sérieusement
seriously gravement
bristol toulouse
bristol bordeaux
mitchell caron
mitchell leroux
industries industries
industries industrie
colombia colombie
colombia nicaragua
comparison comparaison
comparison comparer
eleven onze
eleven treize
ill malade
ill malade
boats bateaux
boats embarcations
commentary commentant
commentary retranscription
rising élèvent
rising élevant
greatly grandement
greatly considérablement
guardian figaro
guardian nouvelobs
balance équilibre
balance équilibrera
usual habituelle
usual habituel
prose prose
prose poétique
volunteer bénévole
volunteer benevolat
sugar sucre
sugar sucre
partners partenaires
partners partenaires
rates taux
rates tarifications
soil fertilisée
soil fertilisées
server serveur
server server
manual manuel
manual manuelle
confused confus
confused embrouillée
tunnel tunnel
tunnel tunnels
larry jeffrey
larry jim
muhammad muhammad
muhammad mahomet
inter inter
inter europã
lose perdre
lose perde
phoenix phénix
phoenix phoenix
waste déchets
waste ordures
tall trapu
tall élancée
qualify bénéficier
qualify prétendre
acceptable acceptable
acceptable acceptables
perspective perspective
perspective vision
crystal cristal
crystal cristalline
stream flot
stream torrent
kick claquette
kick coup
bernard jacques
bernard andré
nigeria nigeria
nigeria nigéria
pain douleur
pain douleurs
influential influentes
influential influente
suggestion suggestion
suggestion idée
interaction interaction
interaction interactions
retained conservé
retained conservée
drugs drogues
drugs psychotropes
trinity trinité
trinity trinitaine
nbc nbc
nbc cbs
bobby eddie
bobby richie
behaviour comportement
behaviour comportements
croatian croate
croatian bulgare
terry philippe
terry jean-michel
croatia croatie
croatia monténégro
merchant marchand
merchant armateur
lots sympas
lots pleins
initiative initiative
initiative initiatives
pure pur
pure pures
persian persane
persian perse
romantic romantique
romantic romantiques
agents agents
agents immobilières
employment emploi
employment emploi
trading commerce
trading marchés
parker chambert
parker roy
scientist chercheur
scientist biologiste
familiar familiers
familiar familières
suspect soupçonne
suspect soupçonnez
suggestions suggestions
suggestions remarques
turner marquet
turner girard
forming forment
forming formant
patient patient
patient patiente
bulgaria bulgarie
bulgaria croatie
belief croyance
belief conviction
continental continental
continental continentalité
hole trou
hole trous
passage passage
passage cheminement
wedding mariage
wedding mariage
layer couche
layer couches
designation dénomination
designation appellation
weekend week-end
weekend week
approval approbation
approval approbations
crimes crimes
crimes criminels
collins masson
collins bellard
horses chevaux
horses cheval
wear vêtement
wear chaussures
cash cash
cash liquidités
sculpture sculpture
sculpture sculpture
harrison bourgoing
harrison boyer
oliver simon
oliver pierre-adrien
hell enfer
hell maudite
wolf loup
wolf loups
roots racines
roots raciner
clinical clinique
clinical cliniques
adults adultes
adults adulte
feeling ressens
feeling sentiment
strip bande
strip bandes
cite citer
cite cite
honors achievement
honors honors
tie manches
tie enfiler
liberty liberté
liberty iberté
decline déclin
decline stagnation
submitted consultée
submitted déposé
enterprise economique
enterprise entreprise
transmission transmission
transmission -transmission
platforms plate-formes
platforms plates-formes
inch pouces
inch 8cm
cool rafraichi
cool chaud
liga liga
liga benfica
destruction destruction
destruction destructions
dangerous dangereuse
dangerous dangereux
email mail
email courriel
bold audacieuses
bold small-caps
compare comparer
compare comparez
monthly mensuel
monthly mensuelle
foster juminer
foster magner
trivial triviale
trivial trivial
tribes tribus
tribes peuplades
benefits avantages
benefits bénéficer
guards gardes
guards gendarmes
delaware delaware
delaware oxfordshire
neil christophe
neil eric
pole piquet
pole sauteur
ref réf
ref ref
reply message
reply reponse
stuart arnaud
stuart guillaume
steven steven
steven eric
architects architectes
architects architecteurs
villa villa
villa villas
select sélectionner
select selectionner
munich munich
munich berlin
belongs appartient
belongs appartienne
coi afsset
coi udecam
rival rival
rival rivaux
adaptation adaptation
adaptation adaptations
absolutely absolument
absolutely vraiment
exit dirigez-vous
exit sortie
dual double
dual dual
noticed remarqué
noticed remarquais
patent brevets
patent uspto
rick chris
rick jeff
governments gouvernements
governments gouvernementaux
tourist touristique
tourist touristiques
click cliquez
click cliquant
civilian civils
civilian militaires
partial partielle
partial partielles
eddie anthony
eddie gary
denver chicago
denver newark
researchers chercheurs
researchers chercheurs
photographer photographe
photographer photographer
seemed semblait
seemed paraissait
clock horloge
clock horloges
highways voirie
highways dde
distinction distinction
distinction distinctions
font scrolly
font windowtext
farmers agriculteurs
farmers aviculteurs
occasions occasions
occasions reprises
photograph photo
photograph photographiée
yale yale
yale oxford
transition transition
transition transitions
relationships relation
relationships relations
derby saint-etienne
derby auxerre
speakers conférenciers
speakers speakers
administrators administrateurs
administrators gestionnaires
citizen citoyen
citizen citoyens
argue objecter
argue admettre
believes estime
believes affirme
cardinal cardinal
cardinal cardinaux
syria syrie
syria iran
contributing contribuent
contributing contribuant
danny anthony
danny jérémy
appointment nomination
appointment convocation
sand sable
sand sables
sessions séances
sessions sessions
wearing couvre-chef
wearing habillé
accessible accessible
accessible accessibles
ralph roy
ralph henry
choir choeur
choir chorale
mines mines
mines minières
injuries blessures
injuries accidents
opportunities opportunités
opportunities opportunité
woods foret
woods forêt
objective objectif
objective lõobjectif
venezuela venezuela
venezuela vénézuela
edwards fournier
edwards durand
dancing danser
dancing dansant
eagles aigles
eagles aigle
continuous continu
continuous discontinue
rocks rochers
rocks roches
bed lit
bed couchette
gap fossé
gap écart
mars saturne
mars martien
gothic gothique
gothic gothiques
traditionally traditionnellement
traditionally traditionellement
totally totalement
totally complètement
concentration concentration
concentration reconcentration
rocket fusée
rocket fusées
machines machines
machines machine
vegas vegas
vegas végas
noble noble
noble grandier
tommy joe
tommy tommy
leo leo
leo jude
scotia nouvelle-ecosse
scotia nouvelle-écosse
spelling orthographe
spelling orthographie
customers clients
customers clientsâ¦
ferry bateau-bus
ferry embarcadère
berkeley berkeley
berkeley montaigne
lebanon liban
lebanon gaza
madison madison
madison bradford
lion lion
lion loup
manor prieuré
manor château
serial serial
serial driver
gauge pénétromètre
gauge dynamomètre
concerts concerts
concerts mini-concerts
chase courir
chase courser
susan françoise
susan isabelle
raymond roger
raymond robert
flower fleurs
flower florale
col col
col armet
survive survivre
survive survivent
meat viande
meat viandes
telephone téléphone
telephone télephonique
grove bosquet
grove barbière
elite élite
elite elites
bright brillants
bright lumineux
aspect aspect
aspect dimension
casualties blessés
casualties tués
diseases maladies
diseases infectieuses
pat cathy
pat evelyne
catch attraper
catch attrapper
poll sondage
poll sondages
suffering souffrent
suffering souffrances
blind aveugles
blind aveugle
interstate highways
interstate transcanadienne
applies applique
applies appliquent
gradually progressivement
gradually graduellement
radical radicale
radical radicales
gov publiqu
gov csoec
legs jambes
legs pattes
opponent adversaire
opponent adversaires
supplies approvisionne
supplies approvisionnement
germans allemands
germans prussiens
seal scellé
seal sceau
corresponding correspondant
corresponding correspondantes
purple violet
purple mauve
virus virus
virus virale
bull taureau
bull bélier
holland belgique
holland angleterre
bias biaisés
bias biaisé
remote distant
remote distante
premiere avant-première
premiere avant-premiere
cloud nuages
cloud nuage
palestinian palestinien
palestinian palestinienne
hms escorteur
hms guepratte
loop boucle
loop boucleur
talks discussions
talks pourparler
earthquake séisme
earthquake tremblement
den den
den alles
tanks citernes
tanks réservoirs
min min
min 60mn
asp asp
asp php
cruz cruz
cruz santa
warsaw varsovie
warsaw budapest
rush ruée
rush précipiter
heights hauteurs
heights hauteur
playstation playstation
playstation xbox
fill remplir
fill remplire
recipient destinataire
recipient récipiendaire
correctly correctement
correctly incorrectement
traditions traditions
traditions tradition
chan chan
chan phan
mario mario
mario marella
fighters combattantes
fighters combatants
ivan ivan
ivan nikolas
violent violents
violent violentes
harbour rade
harbour baie
margin marge
margin marges
postal postal
postal postale
pirates pirates
pirates flibustiers
collective collective
collective collectif
diesel diesel
diesel diesels
liberation libération
liberation fraternisation
sultan sultan
sultan pacha
rider coureur
rider cycliste
contents sommaire
contents contenu
milk lait
milk écrémé
intellectual intellectuelle
intellectual intelectuelle
latino latino
latino latinos
sheffield grenoble
sheffield lille
hindi hindi
hindi wolof
sum somme
sum provision
mythology mythologie
mythology mythologique
confusion confusion
confusion confusions
possession possession
possession possesion
milwaukee milwaukee
milwaukee chicago
anonymous anonyme
anonymous anonymes
reverse inverser
reverse inversé
soap savon
soap savonnette
territorial territoire
territorial frontalières
rebounds balle
rebounds rebonds
hoax canular
hoax canulars
restricted limité
restricted restreintes
instructions instructions
instructions consignes
tables tables
tables tableaux
restaurants restaurants
restaurants restaurants
syndrome syndrome
syndrome syndrômes
forty quarante
forty cinquante
journalism journalisme
journalism journalistique
towers tourelles
towers toits
leonard albert
leonard eugene
watson fournier
watson leroux
harvey lambert
harvey martin
hello bonsoir
hello bonjour
rabbi rabbin
rabbi grand-rabbin
hardware hardwares
hardware hardware
pitcher javelle
pitcher pichet
recovery récupération
recovery recuperation
lesser confondront
lesser confondue
qualification diplôme
qualification qualification
exposure sur-exposition
exposure surexpositions
palestine palestine
palestine syrie-palestine
variant variante
variant dérivé
autonomous autonomes
autonomous autonome
wallace gaston
wallace richard
throw jeter
throw balancer
kid gamin
kid gosse
delivery livraison
delivery livrable
joan yvonne
joan louise
slave esclave
slave esclaves
feedback feedback
feedback feedbacks
columbus colomb
columbus amerigo
printing imprimerie
printing tampographie
todd robert
todd guillory
canton soleure
canton londonderry
han han
han shang
celtic celtique
celtic celtiques
inappropriate inapproprié
inappropriate inappropriées
switch commuter
switch interrupteur
debt dette
debt endettement
tier échelon
tier échelons
newton romé
newton lalande
shanghai shanghai
shanghai shanghaï
campaigns campagnes
campaigns campagne
cats chats
cats chiens
flood inondation
flood inondations
layout rubriquage
layout gabarits
academics praticiens-chercheurs
academics juristes
merging fusionnant
merging fusionner
sony sony
sony toshiba
competitors concurrents
competitors compétiteurs
phillips boyer
phillips durand
artificial artificielle
artificial artificiels
novelist écrivain
novelist romancier
guitars guitares
guitars guitare
dreams rêves
dreams rêve
hughes durand
hughes fournier
understood explicité
understood comprenons
warned craint
warned prévenu
restrictions restrictions
restrictions restriction
oakland milwaukee
oakland jacksonville
influences influences
influences influencées
blocking bloquant
blocking bloque
gabriel gabriel
gabriel isaac
fifteen vingt
fifteen dix
palm palm
palm lotus
vary varient
vary varier
princeton princeton
princeton cambridge
jet jet
jet avion-fusée
horn corne
horn tambour
atmosphere atmosphère
atmosphere athmosphère
syrian syrienne
syrian syrien
columns colonnes
columns colonne
truly véritablement
truly assurément
clarke durand
clarke missoffe
neck cou
neck nuque
forever éternellement
forever eternellement
montgomery farret
montgomery bournel
gift cadeau
gift cadeaux
mouse souris
mouse mouse
justin justin
justin marcus
protests protestations
protests protestation
prices prix
prices tarifs
prayer prière
prayer prières
beta beta
beta bêta
durham poitiers
durham haute-alpes
detective détective
detective détectives
josh kevin
josh evan
compositions compositions
compositions instrumentales
cameron nicolas
cameron torreton
mixing mélange
mixing mélangeant
rally meeting
rally rassemblement
unnecessary inutiles
unnecessary inutile
isle ile
isle noirmoutier
cyprus chypre
cyprus grèce
brings apportera
brings apporte
conversation conversation
conversation conversations
sussex marne
sussex charente
plastic plastique
plastic polystyrène
buses bus
buses autobus
cork liège
cork bristol
filipino philippin
filipino philippins
orbit orbite
orbit terre-lune
illness maladie
illness maladie
codes codes
codes code
violations violations
violations violation
tenure accession
tenure tenure
incorrect erroné
incorrect incorrecte
watching regarder
watching regardent
intent intention
intent délibérée
instruction instructions
instruction pratique
banner bannière
banner bannières
corruption corruption
corruption corruptions
harm danger
harm nuire
ernest alfred
ernest emile
pilots pilotes
pilots co-pilotes
tape cassette
tape rembobiner
chen zhao
chen jiang
matrix matrice
matrix matriciel
kiss baiser
kiss embrasse-moi
crosses traverse
crosses franchissant
math math
math maths
nobel nobel
nobel sakharov
marry marier
marry épouser
axis axe
axis laxe
cult culte
cult cultes
applicable applicable
applicable appliquent
founders fondateurs
founders fondateur
parking stationnement
parking parking
absolute absolue
absolute absolu
nintendo nintendo
nintendo wii
presumably vraisemblablement
presumably probablement
governing régissant
governing statuts
knowing pensant
knowing savent
vladimir vladimir
vladimir mikhaïl
beating battant
beating battu
utf encoding
utf x3d
kenneth jean-clarence
kenneth jacques
discipline discipline
discipline disciplinaire
bearing portent
bearing portaient
associations unions
associations associations
targets objectifs
targets cibles
alien extra-terrestre
alien extraterrestre
diffs modif
diffs diffs
subsidiary filiale
subsidiary filiales
wire gaine
wire torsadés
phd doctorat
phd dea
linux linux
linux freebsd
bennett dubois
bennett durand
dynamic dynamique
dynamic dynamiques
breaks pauses
breaks repos
monuments monuments
monuments édifices
lords lords
lords sceaux
michel umberto
michel alexander
testament bible
testament évangiles
companion compagnon
companion voyageur
imagine imaginez
imagine imaginer
ruler souverain
ruler roi-prêtre
afc sasp
afc fcna
worthy méritant
worthy mériter
directory annuaire
directory 1annuaire
wyoming wyoming
wyoming californie
burns sueur
burns frois
divine divine
divine divin
fate destin
fate funeste
trans trans
trans adhe
boards panneaux
boards staffs
santiago santiago
santiago buenos
waves vagues
waves ondes
landed débarqué
landed atterrirent
acres hectares
acres hectars
paint peindre
paint peinture
indication indication
indication indiquerait
bibliography bibliographie
bibliography bibliographe
marathon marathon
marathon marathons
aerial aérienne
aerial aériennes
preservation conservation
preservation préservation
altitude altitude
altitude altitudes
fernando fernando
fernando pedro
taxes taxes
taxes taxations
marcus marcus
marcus alexandre
stakes épingle
stakes gagnant
civic mairie
civic citoyenne
arc arc
arc mnm
vii vii
vii ix
contrary contraire
contrary contraires
accusations accusations
accusations dénonciations
slaves esclaves
slaves desclaves
client client
client cliente
travels parcourt
travels voyagera
plaza plaza
plaza travelodge
lab labo
lab laboratoir
orientation orientation
orientation lorientation
stroke cardiaque
stroke infarctus
dancer danseuse
dancer danseur
recognize reconnaître
recognize reconnaisse
anchor ancre
anchor ancres
arguing critiquent
arguing défendent
abilities aptitudes
abilities capacités
cartoon cartoons
cartoon cartoon
fellowship fellowship
fellowship docteurs
wealthy fortunée
wealthy fortunées
acquisition acquisition
acquisition acquistion
eve fêtions
eve noël
filter filtre
filter filtres
protocol protocole
protocol protocoles
grammy grammy
grammy grammys
distinctive particularité
distinctive reconnaissable
package package
package packagé
owen henry
owen fernandez
inaugural inaugurale
inaugural inaugurales
arriving arrivés
arriving arrivant
cylinder cylindre
cylinder cylindres
shops boutiques
shops commerces
dome dôme
dome coupole
philosopher philosophe
philosopher penseur
collapse effondrement
collapse leffondrement
canyon canyon
canyon canyonlands
fortune fortune
fortune fortunes
appeals juridictionnelle
appeals statuent
expanding expansion
expanding élargissent
shock choc
shock brusque
yang yang
yang yin
streams canaux
streams torrents
unity fraternité
unity réconciliation
lucas lucas
lucas juliard
proposals propositions
proposals avant-projet
swimmers nageurs
swimmers nageuses
mainland métropolitaine
mainland dom-tom
hamlet hameau
hamlet bourgade
westminster versailles
westminster paris
installation installation
installation -installation
efficiency éco-efficacité
efficiency efficacité
chapters chapitres
chapters tomes
